(Ayr): Falun; relaying dance music from Stockholm.
Worthing (Sussex): If you are sure this was not Huizen, we cannot trace, but your details would absolutely tally with this station, which was broadcasting a language lesson at that time on 1,950. 
Padre (Camberley): Posen was the only station on or about your estimated W.L. giving an organ recital, but this was not advertised to take place until 7.30 p.m. G.M.T., but it is quite possible that the time was altered. 
Y. R. Less: (1) This transmission has been reported by many listeners, and all details would point to a test from Motala (Sweden); (2) Details too vague, cannot say. 
Night Hawk (Dover): Seville (EAJ5) relaying Madrid (EAJ7), Concert from the "Alcazar." 
Ian Brown (Weymouth): Huizen. 
Drummer (Maltby): (1) Yes, Moscow Comintern (RDW); (2) This transmission has been reported by other listeners, and all details would point to a test from Motala (Sweden). 
Victory: Copenhagen, dance music, possibly relayed from the Restaurant Nimb. 
EA (Wells): (1) Katowice (Poland); (2) If W.L. approximately correct, WCCO (Minneapolis). 
Curious (Canonbury): Rome (a lady announcer). 
Three Valve (Bristol): Copenhagen, 6.30 a.m., physical exercises; chimes from the Town Hall at midnight. 
Cricklewood 4 Valve: No, your details do not tally with either Lille or Radio Lyons, possibly Radio Vitus, Paris (Cabaret). 
Mepham (Highbury): If W.L. correct, KGO (Oakland, Calif.). 
J. Mills (Sunderland): Do not understand your query, you give no estimate of W.L., cannot trace. 
Slow Motion (Middlesbrough): P. 
Ashworth (Manchester): Rostrevor. 
Santa Claus (Torquay): This transmission has been reported by many listeners, and all details would point to a test from Motala (Sweden). 
Pa. Coe Elsden (Chester): Copenhagen testing (gramophone records). 
Bellasis (Goring): Basle relaying The Barber of Seville (Rossini) from the Municipal Theatre of Solothurn, through Berne. 
S. O. B. (Catterick): Yes, Moscow Comintern (RDW). 
Income Tax (Westcliff): (1) Oslo; (2) Possibly Copenhagen, but play not advertised in programmes; (3) Would tally with Dublin, relaying from Cork, Riders to the Sea, a performance by the Bally-Vourney Players. 
A. H. R. (Bristol): Your W.L. is apparently wrong; details would tally with Langenberg, which was giving a late transmission of popular music. 
M. ... De Luxe: W.L. wrong.