Searcher (Rusholme): The new 2 kilowatt transmitter at Copenhagen testing.  
S.S.B. (Hale): PTT Lyons, relaying from Cabaret.  
McQuarrie (Liverpool): According to your condenser settings, the WL. would tally with that of Kalundborg, with which at least two of your items agree. Apparently the previous night’s transmission was a test.  
Oojah 4 (Maida Vale): Cadiz (experimental concert).  
Controlodyne (Pinner): Yes, Moscow Comintern (RDW).  
Craven (Leeds): WGY (Schenectady).  
Old Boy (Barnsley): This was Hilversum. Stringed instrument, possibly Balalaika.  
Curley (Plumstead): (2) concert of gramophone records. Huizen (Holland). A coupon must be sent with each enquiry.  
Ding Dong (Burnley): WL. wrong; Langenberg. Relay from the Gurzenich Hall at Cologne, followed by concert from the Handelshof, Essen. Chimes are from the studio. Coupon must be sent with each enquiry.  
Raleigh 3 (Bromley) (Boundbrook): WJZ. The chimes are from the Langenburg studio.  
W. E. Jordan: Huizen (Holland), organ recital. This station works on 1,850 m. until 1.40 p.m. G.M.T.; afterwards on 1,950 m.  
Seven Times (Glasgow): An amateur transmission, but cannot trace.  
Low Wave (Grays): Yes, 2NM amateur, Caterham, Surrey.  
Ben Hur (Finchley): It is quite probable that this was from the Restaurant Nimb.  
A. H. Wiggins (Brookfields): The new transmitter at Copenhagen testing (gramophone records).  
P. Flower (Bristlington): Cannot trace morse stations.  
Hayes (Taplow): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen (Old dance music).  
A. Barrett (Oxford): Either Muenster or Dortmund relaying Langenberg (Balalaika and Bandoneon concert).  
W. E. T. (Ponfret): Moscow Comintern (RDW).  
Pleated Dia (Liverpool): Frankfurt-am-Main, relaying Cassel, late concert. The latter station has a lady announcer.  
Stevenagian: Apparently a U.S.A. station, but cannot trace as your details are too vague.  
E. P. M. D. (Westbury-on-Trym): Langenberg; probably heard through Muenster.  
Sidbert (Plumstead): Copenhagen, dance music, probably relayed from the Restaurant Nimb.  
T.W.3 (Scotland): Motala testing (gramophone records).  
Night Owl (Sussex): Hilversum (a concert of gramophone records).  
Arrow (Ayr): Falun, relaying dance music from Stockholm.  
Worthing (Sussex): If you are sure this was not Huizen, we cannot trace, but your details would absolutely tally with this station, which was broadcasting a language lesson at the time on 1,950.  
Padre (Camberley): Posen was the only station on or about your estimated WL.; organs recitals both of these are known to take place until 12.40, but it is not possible that they may be retarded.