Espera (Barry): Cork, relaying football match; not advertised in programme.
Carmarthen: Leipzig, relaying extended transmission of dance music from Berlin.
Three-valver (Lancs): Amateur transmission, but cannot trace; call sign apparently wrong.
Bales (Wymondham): Moscow Comintern (RDW). 
Wee Hours (J.H.R.): WEAF (New York).
LP Calling (Coventry): Harmonic of 5XX (about 400 m.).
Greenacre (Sutton-on-Sea): Cannot understand WL.; this was Cracow (566 m.) relaying concert from restaurant.
A. M. (M/C): Date apparently wrong; details tally with the Stockholm programme for Sunday, February 19. You received this through one of the Swedish relays of WL., approximately correct, Karlskrona.
S. F. 11A (Edinburgh): Rather vague, but possibly PTT Lyons on 395 m.
V. (Hull): No estimate of WL. given; possibly Breslau (a concert of gramophone records).
Sestu (Paisley): Leningrad, relaying concert from the Philharmonic Hall.
D. S. B. (Preston): Kharkov (Narkompotschtel).
Fyne Court (Bridgwater): You give no estimate of WL., but this was the Copenhagen relay of dance music from the Palace and Nimb Restaurants; either received direct, or through Kalundborg, on 1,153.8 m.
Spanish Head (Isle-of-Man): Leningrad, relaying concert from Philharmonic Hall.
Wrigley (Denton): Leipzig, relaying Berlin; extended transmission of dance music.
Leslie Noble (Harringay): Warsaw, Il Trovatore (Verdi) relayed from the Opera House at Kattowitz, and Basle relaying concert of chamber music from the Hans Hubert Saal of the Municipal Casino in that city.
Panto (Wrexham): (2) Cologne (Carnival concert); Carnival Time (Schumann), (1) 'This was the Norrkoping programme; The Messiah (Handel), relayed by Motala, Stockholm and all other Swedish stations; you apparently heard this through Orebro, if your estimate of WL. is approximately correct.
Stargazer (Raglan): This was apparently a Spanish station; possibly Bilbao (EAJ9) relaying Madrid (EAJ7), but cannot confirm.
F. B. R. (Southend-on-Sea): Chimes are heard from the Cologne studio - they are only taken from the Cathedral on special occasions.
Bob (Littlehampton): WGY (Schenectady) received direct.
F. Edmonds (S.W. 18): Kalundborg, relaying Carnival concert from Copenhagen.
So Tired (Warwick): Nürnberg, relaying dance music from the Hotel der Reichsadler at Munich.
Long Furrows (Mistley): Helsingfors; (11.30) the Band of the White Guards; Mtsci Moffat); Wilno (Poland); dance music until 10.30 p.m.