H.F. 42: (a) We know of no official Spanish station on that WL, but are making enquiries, (b) yes, quite possibly the short wave transmitter at Berne on 32 m., (c) we regret, but it is impossible to say which of the three short wave stations you received, relaying KDKA, without some estimate of WL, (and) we regret, but cannot trace without some estimate of WL.

Iltyd Harris: We regret, but it is impossible to trace these short wave transmissions unless the estimate of WL is much more definite.

No Name: (a) Apparently PTT Lyons on 39.5 m. relaying concert from the Theatre Mogador at Paris, (b) 6WK amateur transmitter at Hayes, (c) possibly 5GZ amateur (Swansea).

Essee (Horsham): Copenhagen; late dance transmission, not advertised in programme; confirmed by other listeners.

Gwilym (Streatham): Yes, WPG (Atlantic City).

Sol (Warwickshire): Kaiserslautern (204 m.), relaying Munich.

Rustic (Norwood): Yes, Moscow Comintern (RDW); the news is read slowly in order to allow of transcription.

Ignoramus (Hertford): On such a low wavelength, apparently an amateur transmission of gramophone records; but cannot trace as no call sign given.

Ashtonian (Dunstable): PTT Toulouse, relaying English lesson given by the Berlitz School, from PTT Paris.

Aloysius (Manchester): Although some-what vague as to WL, details might tally with the Oslo programme, in which case you would have received this through Notodden.

Trentham (Mitcham): Cannot trace transmitter but a Direction Finding station.

Ardara (Co. Donegal): Moscow Comintern (RDW).

Morse Stopper Stop Set: Rome.

J. F. S. (Titworth): (1) a relay of PTT Paris, dance music from the Coliseum in that city; possibly received through PTT Rennes, (2) no doubt an amateur relay of 5XX, (3) too vague, regret, cannot trace.

Columbus (Lemington-on-Tyne): This was an amateur transmitting gramophone records.

Got ‘Im 'Ot (Middlesex): PTT Rennes, relaying English lesson given by the Berlitz School, from PTT Paris.

Nosey Parker: Very vague, regret, cannot trace; are you not referring to the Morse signal from Hamburg?

W. W. C. (Nottingham): Your WL. is apparently wrong; regret, cannot trace.

W. H. P. 30: (1) A station testing, cannot trace; (2) Possibly WIOD (Miami Beach).

Tee (Cambridge): Regret cannot trace. Juan-les-Pins: (1) La longueur d’onde de Juan les Pins semble être incertaine au moment. Nous croyons que ce poste a emis sur une longueur d’onde au-dessous de 257 metres; (2) Biarritz (238 m.); (3) Karlstad.

H. R. A. (Tenterden): Details tally with Rome programme.