Jenbach) relayed from Berlin, (2) Kalundborg, relaying Copen-  
hagen ; on February 18, dance music from the Industry  
Restaurant, and on February 19, a Carnival Farce. Ubiquie  
(Goole): No, this was a relay of Norrkoping, The Messiah  
(Handel); possibly received through Varberg. Little Elf N. T.  
(London): Langenberg (chimes from the studio), followed by  
Schoolboy's Ball. K: 9 (Walmer): The only station advertising  
an organ recital at that time was Posen ; possibly you received  
this through Wilno. H. F. 42: (a) We know of no official Span-  
ish station on that WL; but are making enquiries; (b) yes, quite  
possibly the short wave transmitter at Berne on 32 m. (c) we  
regret, but it is impossible to say which of the three short wave  
stations you received, relaying KDKA, without some estimate  
of WL; (d and e) we regret, but cannot trace without some esti-  
mate of WL. Iltyd Harris: We regret, but it is impossible  
to trace these short wave transmissions unless the estimate of  
WL is much more definite. No Name: (a) Apparently: PTT  
Lyons on 39.5 m., relaying concert from the Theatre Mogador at  
Paris, (b) 6WK amateur transmitter at Hayes, (c) possibly 5GZ  
amateur (Swansea). Esse (Horsham): Copenhagen; late  
dance transmission, not advertised in programme; confirmed  
by other listeners. Gwilym (Streatham): Yes, WPG (Atlantic  
City). Sol (Warwick): Kaiserslautern (204 m.), relaying  
Rustic (Norwood): Moscow Comintern (RDW).  
Ignoramus (Hertford): On such a low wavelength, apparently  
an amateur transmission of gramophone records, but cannot  
trace as no call sign given. Ashtonian (Dunstable): PTT  
Toulouse, relaying English lesson given by the Berlitz School,  
from PTT Paris. Autolycus (Manchester): Although some-  
what vague as to WL, details might tally with the Oslo pro-  
gramme, in which case you would have received this through  
Notodden. Treitham (Mitcham): Cannot trace transmitter  
but a Direction Finding station. Ardara (Co. Donegal):  
Moscow Comintern (RDW). Morse Stopper Stop Set: Rome.  
J. F. S. (Titworth): (1) a relay of PTT Paris, dance music from  
the Coliseum in that city ; possibly received through PTT  
Rennes, (2) no doubt an amateur relay of 5XX, (3) too vague,  
regret, cannot trace. Columbus (Lemington-on-Tyne): This  
was an amateur transmitting gramophone records. Got 'im' O'  
(Middlesex): PTT Rennes, relaying English lesson given by  
the Berlitz School, from PTT Paris. Nosey Parker: Very  
vague, regret, cannot trace; are you not referring to the morse  
signal from Hamburg? W. W. C. (Nottlngham): Your WL.  
is apparently wrong; regret, cannot trace. W. H. Pa 30: (1) A  
station testing; cannot trace; (2) Possibly WIOD (Miami  
Beach). Tee (Cambridge): Regret cannot trace. Juan-les-Pins:  
(1) la longueur d'onde à Juan les Pins semble être fausse.