(Southampton): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Palace Hotel at Copenhagen.
Black Eagle (Hastings): WPG (Atlantic City).
WHO (Wembley): Apparently Oslo; testing possibly received through Hamar.
Sir Toby (Yorks.): WEAF (New York) first transmission possibly from the Hotel Canmore Albany; organ from the Grand Theatre. Organist: Floyd Salter.
Dials (Edinburgh): (1) This was the Norrköping programme, The Messiah (Handel) relayed by Motala, Stockholm and all other Swedish stations; possibly you received this through Gaevle. (2) Berne, relaying orchestral concert from the Kursaal, (3) a relay of Stockholm; possibly Uppsala.
H. P. (Bournemouth): (a) possibly WEAF (New York), (b) WGY (Schenectady).
G. L. Hoffman (Clacton-on-Sea): Surely Radio Paris, which was giving gramophone records at that time.
Tonatuna (Lancs.): You appear to have heard a short talk by Captain P. P. Eckersley when he was at the Prague station; you must have heard this through Vienna which was relaying foreign stations at that time.
3 Valve (Pem.): Kalundborg relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nile at Copenhagen until 1.30 a.m. G.M.T.; the Hague on that evening, which was given on Monday, February 19, instead.
Fir Pole (Iver Heath): We cannot confirm, but possibly the experimental transmitter at Issy-les-Moulineaux.
W. R. Fisk (Clapham Common): English lesson by the Berlitz School, broadcast from PTT Paris; apparently received through Grenoble. Also taken by PTT Lille and PTT Limoges.
Oscillating (Birmingham): Yes, WGY (Schenectady) received direct.
D. X. X. (Smethwick): Wilno, relaying organ recital from Posen.
E. E. F. (Gravesend): (1) Possibly Copenhagen, which was working later than advertised in programmes on that evening, (2) details too vague, but possibly Spanish station, (3) PTT Paris, relaying dance music from the Coliseum in that city, (4 and 5) details too vague, regret, cannot trace (6) yes, Hanover, relaying dance music from Hamburg until 11.30 p.m., G.M.T. (7) Kalundborg relaying Copenhagen.
Radio Demoness (Blackburn): (1) Koenigswusterhausen, relaying dance music from Berlin on February 18: on February 19 operetta Munchhausen's Letzte Liebe (Dorman and Jenbach) relayed from Berlin, (2) Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen on February 18, dance music from the Industry Restaurant, and on February 19, a Carnival Farce.
Ubiquo (Birmingham): (a) a relay of Norrköping: The Messiah (Handel); possibly received through Stockholm.
Little Elf (K.E.)