Ardserier Solodyne: Regret, we cannot trace, as we do not know of any station on or about that WL. taking the Hamburg programmes.
4 Valver (Whitehaven): Your details and estimated WL. are much too vague; regret, cannot trace.
Shoolbread (Dundee): (1) Barcelona (EAJ1); (2) The only station near 500 m. working at that time was Berlin, Witzleben, which gave dance music until 12.30 a.m. on 5th inst.; all other stations on or about that wavelength had closed down by midnight.
C. Guill (Doncaster): Questions such as yours are not answered in our columns. We suggest that you communicate with some organ of the technical press.
Ambrose (Bexhill-on-Sea): (1) According to reports received from other listeners, this would appear to be Radio-Lyons, but these incidental relays are seldom advertised in programmes, (2) yes, would tally with Warsaw, relaying dance music; it lies east north-east of London, whereas Warsaw is due east.
Pip (Chatham): Koenigs-wusterhausen relaying, via Berlin, the National Festival, in commemoration of the founding of the German Republic.
El Buscador (Frome): Yes, Warsaw relaying dance music from the Restaurant Rydz until 11.30 p.m.
D’flex Two (Southsea): (1) Regret, cannot trace as we know of no German transmission on that WL., (2) Scheveningen-Haven (Holland). News only, (3) Koenigswusterhausen (Press), 2,525 m.
2 Valve Gets 'Em (E. 9): Cannot trace any item which would tally with your details in any Continental or British programme; possibly a gramophone record transmitted by an amateur.
J. G. L. Crosier (2): Local time for Paris is nine minutes in advance of London, but the standard time for the two country coincides with B.S.T.
Sparker (Glasgow): Marseilles PTT.
Stuart (Guildford): Breslau relaying concert and dance music from the Café Hindenburg until midnight.
N. M. (Lewisham): Koenigswusterhausen relaying dance music from Berlin until 12.30 a.m., 12th inst.
All Concert (Llandudno): Regret we cannot trace, as this was not advertised in the Stockholm programme.