Horsey (Newark): Posen (270.3 m.).
Five-Fifteen (Cambridge): 5GB, Daventry experimental station, testing on various wavelengths and powers.
Safety (Bexhill): Possibly Radio Lyons, but these incidental relays are seldom advertised in programmes.
H. Mills (Rhymney): This was an amateur transmission, but regret cannot trace as your details are too vague.
Two Valve (Cricklewood): Como (Italy) has a temporary 5 kw. transmitter, during the period of the Electrical Exhibition in celebration of the Volta Centenary; it transmits nightly, on 500 m., concerts and dance music. We can trace no other transmission for that date on or about your estimated W.L.
Crosier (Acomb): We believe this to be the new high-power station at Kharkov (Russia) testing on about 1,750 m.
4 Valve (Bristol): (1) Apparently a report from Scheveningen-Haven (1,950 m.), Stock Exchange, news, and commercial reports only. We can trace no other transmitter.
Anti-Jazz (Ryde, I.O.W.): Yes, if your estimated W.L. is correct, this was Hamburg (relaying concert from the Alster Pavilion), but item was not advertised in programmes.
Ardersier Solodyne: Regret, we cannot trace, as we do not know of any station on or about that W.L. taking the Hamburg programmes.
4 Valve (Whitehaven): Your details and estimated W.L. are much too vague – regret, cannot trace.
Shoolbread (Dundee): (1) Barcelona (EAJ1); (2) The only station near 500 m. working at that time was Berlin, Witzleben, which gave dance music until 12.30 a.m. on 5th inst.; all other stations on or about that wavelength had closed down by midnight.
C. Gull (Doncaster): Questions such as yours are not answered in our columns. We suggest that you communicate with some organ of the technical press.
Ambrose (Bexhill-on-Sea): (1) According to reports received from other listeners, this would appear to be Radio-Lyons, but these incidental relays are seldom advertised in programmes, (2) yes, would tally with Warsaw, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Rydz; but are you sure this was not Sorö? This station was also giving an outside relay of dance music; it lies east north-east of London, whereas Warsaw is due east.
J. Pepp (Chatham): Koenigs-wusterhausen relaying, via Berlin, the National Festival, in commemoration of the founding of the German Republic.
El Buscador (Frome): Yes, Warsaw relaying dance music from the Restaurant Rydz until 11.30 p.m.
Df'ex Two (Southsea): (1) Regret, cannot trace as we know of no German.