W. W. Parish (Plymouth): Hamburg (first news bulletin and gramophone records).

Curious (Hanley): PTT, Paris; it frequently relays a performance from the Gaîté-Lyrique Theatre, Paris.

L. R. A. (Leek): Yes, undoubtedly Rome which relayed, at that time, a performance from a theatre; details were not published in its official programme.

Chapman (Bolsover): (1) Sorø relaying concert at Copenhagen; chimes from the Copenhagen Guildhall, (2) somewhat vague, we suggest Berne.

Arabian Nights: (14) Brussels (news), (15) apparently Klagenfurt relaying Vienna.

S. T. V. (Douglas, I.O.M.): Several Continental stations employ a metronome interval signal; on this occasion you heard Vienna.

D. F. (Belfast): (1) Karlsborg relaying symphony concert from Stockholm, (2) Moscow (RDW).

Marly (Ghent, Belgium): Zagreb has a lady announcer. Yes, a bell is struck to denote intervals.

Brown (Tiverton): Does not tally with any programme transmitted on or near that wavelength; cannot trace.

Wayfarer (Kilmarnock): It is pronounced Frankfort-am-Maine.

DX 35/75 (Croydon): Excellent results. San Sebastian.

Minto (Falmouth): Leipzig relayed Dresden; you heard the latter’s Morse interval signal.

Dr. Sparkes (Magdeburg): Brussels.

Dorothy (Preston): The Klagenfurt (Austria) relay station officially opens on February 12, but it is already taking the Vienna programme nightly.

Six Volt (Norwich): (2) Moscow (RDW).

F. M. F. (Wanstead): (1) Naples, (2) Vienna, (3) cannot trace as you give no WL.

Ether 5 (Norwich): The Scheveningen-Haven (Holland) transmitter works at intervals throughout the day; mainly stock exchange quotations and market reports. These are given out in code and subscribers must buy the key from the news agency providing the transmission.

No Name: WIOD is at Miami, Florida. Its WL is given in the latest U.S.A. list as 248m. You may have picked up the broadcast through another transmitter.

Warple (Hounslow): Yes.

L. D. H. (Lancaster): Porsgrund (Norway) relaying the Oslo broadcast.

Fourway (Middlesbrough): Warsaw now transmits on 1,111 m. and Leningrad (10 kw.) on 986 m. At the time you heard the former, as proved by the call.

Harper (Chorley): The station closed down with an old-English hymn; it may have been a German one, but so far as the programmes show no transmitter was working in that country at that time. We cannot trace.

Faded Fiddler: (1) PTT, Paris. Dance music relayed from the Coliseum in that city, (2) if, as we pre-