Amalynne (Kilmarnock): It is pronounced Frankfoort-amn-Mine.  
DX 35/75 (Croydon): Excellent results. San Sebastian.  
Minto (Falmouth): Leipzig relayed Dresden; you heard the latter’s Morse interval signal—DR.  
Sparke-Madge (Bedford): Bruenn relaying Prague.  
Dorothy (Preston): The Klagenfurt (Austria) relay station officially opens on February 12, but it is already taking the Vienna programme nightly.  
Six Volt (Norwich): (2) Moscow (RDW).  
F. M. F. (Wanstead): (1) Naples, (2) Vienna, (3) cannot trace as you give no WL.  
Ether 5 (Norwich): The Scheveningen Haven (Holland) transmitter works at intervals throughout the day; mainly stock exchange quotations and market reports. These are given out in code and subscribers must buy the key from the news agency providing the transmission.  
No Name: WIOD is at Miami, Florida. Its WL. is given in the latest U.S.A. list as 248m. You may have picked up the broadcast through another transmitter.  
Warple (Hounslow): Yes, Barcelona (EAJ13). No, a competitive station to EAJ1.  
L. D. H. (Lancaster): Porsgrund (Norway) relaying the Oslo broadcast.  
Fourway (Middlesbrough): Warsaw now transmits on 1,111m. and Leningrad (10 kw.) on 896 m. At the time you heard the former, as proved by the call.  
Harper (Chorley): If the station closed down with an Old-English hymn it may have been a German one, but so far as the programmes show, we cannot trace.  
The Parrot: Paris. Dance music relayed from the Coliseum in that city, (2) if, as we presume, you heard the same concert, Bremen relaying Hamburg (3) Koenigsberg which coupled its relay. Danzig, with its call. (4) no music broadcast above that WL., possibly harmonic but it would be very faint.  
Cattaux (Paris): Une transmission de Stockholm.  
La Belle Galathee, de Suppe.  
Ziegler (Hamburg): Um 8.25 M.E.Z. Sie hoerten die Französische Stunds von London (2LO) durch Daventry.  
Distant Tuner (Parkstone): Your WL. is apparently wrong; the items tally with a broadcast from Munich on 535.7 m.  
A. D. (Douglas, I.O.M.): (1) Moscow (RDW), (2) Karlsborg relaying Stockholm, (3) Stuttgart.  
Legrelle (Brussels): Le poste de Langenberg; une transmission de la séance du Comité du Carnaval de Cologne.  
Jenkins (Ashton-under-Lyne): Possibly Radio LL Paris, but details of the full programme were not given out.  
Royal Three Valve (Rotherham): (1) Berne; this was the first orchestral piece in programme, (2) Bordeaux-Lafayette (France), (3) gramophone records, possibly Dundee or Swansea, (4) Sorö relaying Copenhagen (Radio Trio), (5) Leningrad, (6) Karlsborg relaying Stockholm.