```plaintext
Searchor (Rusholme): Concert from Cassel (lady announcer).
(1) Warsaw; (2) if WL correct, Prague; (3) possibly Madrid (EAJ7) relaying Barcelona (EAJ1); (4) Bordeaux-Lafayette; (5) if WL correct, Madrid (EAJ7). Variety concert; (6) Barcelona (EAJ1) relaying Madrid (EAJ7), regret, cannot trace.
W. R. F. (Belfast): Langenberg, relaying orchestral concert from Dortmund.
High Power (Ponteland): (1) Your estimate of WL. is apparently wrong; this would tally with Breslau, which was giving a concert of gramophone records at that time; (2) Frankfurt, relaying Cassel; (3) possibly Hamburg, relaying from the Café Continental at Hanover; (4) details would tally with Leipzig; (5) Hamburg (from studio) followed by a relay from the Café Wallhof, and later from the Café Continental at Hanover; (6) Stuttgart, variety concert followed by dance music relayed from Frankfurt; (7) Frankfurt-on-Main; (8) too vague, regret cannot trace. The Cologne transmissions are broadcast through Langenberg on 468.8 m.
J. E. H. (Rhondda): (1) Your estimate of WL. is apparently wrong; regret cannot trace; (2) Salamanca (EAJ5) relaying Madrid (EAJ7); (3) apparently U.S.A. station; possibly WJZ (Boundbrook); (4) Motala, relaying church service from Boden.
W. Love (Wellington): Motala, relaying Stockholm. See detailed programme for latter station in World-Radio.
Gloes (Milborne Port): Moscow or Leningrad?
W. G. D.: Popular concert.
A. Campbell, Jnr. (Manchester): Your estimate of WL. is correct; this was Berne, which gave an English programme at that time (instrumental and vocal).
High Wave (Plymouth): Huizen, testing on 1,840 and 1,950 m.
Sparks (Ealing): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Wivex at Copenhagen until 12.15 a.m. (11.15 p.m. G.M.T.). At midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.) chimes relayed from the Town Hall.
Quatre V (Pontypool): Motala, relaying Stockholm. A programme of English music. See detailed programme for latter station in World-Radio.
Figg (Dover): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen. At midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.) chimes relayed from the Town Hall.
Naturwissenschaft (Leicester): (1) Bilbao (EAJ9) relaying Seville (EAJ5). These are both Union Radio stations; (2) yes, PTT Lille; (3) Posen, at 7.10—9.45 p.m. a relay of a military concert from the University, followed by a relay of dance music from the Restaurant Carlton.
Nota Bene (Shipley): Your estimate of WL. is surely wrong; details would tally with Warsaw, which was relaying a concert for piano and orchestra from the Philharmonic Hall in that city.
Drummer (Maltby): (1) Possibly Malmö, which was relaying a legal talk from Göteborg at that time; (2) Bordeaux Lafayette; (3) yes, Koenigs Wusterhausen; (4) Barcelona (EAJ1). Gramophone records of Beethoven’s 5th Symphony from the London 2LO Stand-by transmitter on the same wavelength as 2LO; (5) yes, Stuttgart announcer.
Silver Star (Forest Gate): (1) Warsaw, relaying a concert for piano and orchestra from the Philharmonic Hall in that city; (2) Langenberg, but it is impossible to trace the more stations you heard.
Home Made (Newcastle): Your details are too vague; regret, this was a relay of Langenberg, either Münster or Dortmund; (2) if WL correct, Hanover, relaying from the Café Continental; (3) Frankfurt (News followed by English programme); (4) details very vague, but possibly Berne; (5) Hamburg (English programme); (6) possibly Bremen, relaying Hamburg (English programme); (7) details would tally with Karlstad, relaying Stockholm (English programme); (8) Graz, relaying Vienna (English programme); (9) Leipzig; (10) possibly Breslau (closing down); (11) apparently amateur transmitter; (12) Stettin, relaying dance music from Berlin.
Blue Vinney (Dorset): (1) Oslo (a scene from Macbeth); (2) possibly Barcelona (EAJ13); (3) Leipzig.
Rierstroke (Barnstaple): Possibly British amateur, 2NM (Caterham, Surrey) on 23 m.
S. W. S. W. (Smethwick): Can trace no station on or about 470 m. which was giving The Mastersingers at that time; Rome advertised Carmen at 7.40 p.m.; it is quite possible that the opera was changed.
Scribbler (Maidstone): Vienna (Rosenhuegel) English programme.
Nobby Clarke (Maidenhead): (1) Madrid (EAJ7); (2) Prague.
N. 567321 (Hull): You appear to have heard Kalundborg (Denmark) testing at that time.
Leather (Wandsworth): (1) We do not know of any Spanish or Italian station on that WL; would tally with either Warsaw or Motala, as these stations do not always close down to adver-
Engo (Isle of Wight): Your details are too vague to confirm identity of transmitter, but you may have heard Rennes (France) which has recently been testing on that WL at about that time.
Valvola (Morayshire): Yes, Moscow Comintern (RDW).
Greycliffe (Preston, Lancs.): Yes, Milan.
Straight 2 (Shawlands): (1) If WL correct, apparently Warsaw (a lady announcer). Weather and news, possibly gramophone records; (2) Koenigswusterhausen on 13/10/27 “Half an hour for the Housewife”; (3) you do not say at what time you heard this transmission, but details would tally with Moscow Comintern (RDW), which broadcasts special bulletins for the benefit of men’s clubs and rest houses; they are read slowly in order to allow transcription to be made of the news.
Wander Plug: Stuttgart (interval signal: 3 notes, C, D, G, produced by oscillating valves); at 7 p.m., a relay of an English programme from Frankfurt-on-Main (interval signal: ticking of metronome).
1927 X V (Bridlington): Possibly Koenigswusterhausen, which was relaying an orchestral concert from Berlin at that time.
Superial (Guernsey): Yes, if call correct, this was Stamboul, which was giving dance music at about that time.
5 Valves: This would tally with Warsaw, which was relaying a concert for orchestra and piano from the Philharmonic Hall in that city, at that time; call (phonetic): “Rhalo! Rhalo! Polskie Radio Varschava.”
Linguist (Wanstead): Vienna (Rosenhuetegel); English programme (interval signal: ticking of metronome).
Distant Urge (Shepherd's Bush): PTT Toulouse.
Northridge (Blackrock, Co. Dublin): Hamburg, the early morning broadcast of news; possibly followed by gramophone records; also taken by Bremen and Kiel.
Variety Friend (S.E.15): No, we regret we cannot trace, as it is impossible to identify the station you heard without some estimation of WL.
C.R.H.2 (Cheshire): Prague, relay from a café, followed by English programme; call: "Radio Praha."
Ben Wyvis (Dingwall): Leningrad (about 1,000 m.).
Rokeby (Cheltenham): Motala, relaying dance music from the Grand Hotel at Stockholm.
Old Bill (Leeds): Kalundborg relaying Copenhagen (programme slightly altered).
One Valve (Surbiton Hill): Your details are rather vague, but if WL is correct, Bilbao (EAJ9); possibly relaying Madrid (EAJ7).
Carnoustie: You give no estimated wavelength; it is impossible to trace a transmission in these conditions.
Three Valver (Lewisham): Kalundborg relaying dance music from Copenhagen studio.
Cantab (Cambridge): Dance music from Copenhagen.
G.R.H.Z. (Cheshire): Prague, relay from café, followed by English programme; call: "Radio Praha."
Ben Wylis (Dingwall): Leningrad (about 1,000 m.).
Rokeby (Cheltenham): Motala, relaying dance music from the Grand Hotel at Stockholm.
Old Bill (Leeds): Kalundborg relaying Copenhagen (programme slightly altered).
One Valve (Surbiton Hill): Your details are rather vague, but if WL is correct, Bilbao (EAJ9); possibly relaying Madrid (EAJ7).
Carnoustie: You give no estimated wavelength; it is impossible to trace a transmission in these conditions.
Three Valver (Lewisham): Kalundborg relaying dance music from Copenhagen studio.
Cantab (Cambridge): Possibly Langenberg, Berlin, PTT, Lyons.
J. W. W. (N. 6): This would appear to be a harmonic of Hanover.
Stuart (Guildford): We cannot trace any operatic relay at that time. From other reports received we should say that this was a Spanish transmission of which detailed programmes are not available.
Kiaora (Bognor): The only broadcasting station possessing call-letters approaching those you heard is Lima (Peru) OAX on 380 metres. We shall be pleased to hear further regarding this Spanish transmission, but surely this must be Bilbao (EAJ9) on 438 m.
Lulham: Prague. Do you mean on WL below 5XX or 2LO? If you base your condenser readings on those of XXX, we should say that you heard Koenigswusterhausen’s relay of a revue evening at the Berlin studio. Your details tally with that programme.
The Old Man (Eastbourne): No, from Continental reports received, we believe this to be a test from the new high-power Bucharest station.
Ipse (Southend-on-Sea): Lille, of which the detailed programmes are seldom published.
Piano (Woking): What you heard on Wednesday, October 21, was a transmission from Naples, not Milan; the station advertised a relay of Verdi’s Masked Ball, but it is possible that the programme was altered; in that case, the transmission picked up on the previous evening was also from that station.
Buscador (Nottingham): We do not know of any German transmission on this wavelength; probably a harmonic of Hamburg.
Tuned Anode (Bournemouth): Your estimated wavelength is much too vague; we cannot trace.
Rumboy (Ballymoney): (1) Langenberg, an hour of recitations, followed by an English programme dedicated to Great Britain; (2) Copenhagen, talk on English literature followed by a similar programme to above.
R. G. 3 (Southampton): Wavelength wrong; Warsaw, English lesson by Mrs. Gardiner.
Surprised (Walthamstow): The call tallies with that of Radio Malabar (Bandoeng, Java) on 17.3 metres.
```