```plaintext
Engo (Isle of Wight): Your details are too vague to confirm identity of transmitter, but you may have heard Rennes (France) which has recently been testing on that W.L. at about that time.
Valvola (Morayshire): Yes, Moscow Comintern (RDW).
Greycliffe (Preston, Lancs.): Yes, Milan.
Straight 2 (Shawlands): (1) If W.L. correct, apparently Warsaw (a lady announcer). Weather and news, and, possibly, gramophone records; (2) Koenigswusterhausen On 13/10/27 “Half an hour for the Housewife”; (3) you do not say at what time you heard this transmission, but details would tally with Moscow Comintern (RDW), which broadcasts special bulletins for the benefit of men’s clubs and rest houses; they are read slowly in order to allow transcription to be made of the news.
Wander Plug: Stuttgart (interval signal: 3 notes, C, D, G, produced by oscillating valves); at 7 p.m., a relay of an English programme from Frankfurt-on-Main (interval signal: ticking of metronome).
1927 X V (Bridlington): Possibly Koenigswusterhausen, which was relaying an orchestral concert from Berlin at that time.
Superial (Guernsey): Yes, if call correct, this was Stamboul, which was giving dance music at about that time.
5 Valves: This would tally with Warsaw, which was relaying a concert for orchestra and piano from the Philharmonic Hall in that city, at that time; call (phonetic): “Rhalo! Rhalo! Polskie Radio Varschava.”
Linguist (Wanstead): Vienna (Rosenhuetegel); English programme (interval signal: ticking of metronome).
Distant Urge (Shepherd's Bush): PTT Toulouse.
Northridge (Blackrock, Co. Dublin): Hamburg, the early morning broadcast of news; possibly followed by gramophone records; also taken by Bremen and Kiel.
Variety Friend (S.E.15): No, we regret we cannot trace, as it is impossible to identify the station you heard without some estimation of W.L.
C.R.H.2 (Cheshire): Prague, relay from a café, followed by English programme; call: "Radio Praha."
Ben Wyvis (Dingwall): Leningrad (about 1,000 m.).
Rokeby (Cheltenham): Motala, relaying dance music from the Grand Hotel at Stockholm.
Old Bill (Leeds): Kalundborg relaying (programme slightly altered).
One Valve (Surbiton Hill): Your details are rather vague, but if W.L. is correct, Bilbao (EAJ9); possibly relaying Madrid (EAJ7).
Carnoustie: You give no estimated wavelength; it is impossible to trace a transmission in these conditions.
Three Valver (Lewisham): Kalundborg relaying dance music from Copenhagen studio.
Cantab (Cambridge): Dance music from Copenhagen.
```