G.R.H.Z. (Cheshire): Prague, relay from café, followed by English programme; call: "Radio Praha."

Ben Wylis (Dingwall): Leningrad (about 1,000 m.).

Rokeby (Cheltenham): Motala, relaying dance music from the Grand Hotel at Stockholm.

Old Bill (Leeds): Kalundborg relaying Copenhagen (programme slightly altered).

One Valve (Surbiton Hill): Your details are rather vague, but if W.L. is correct, Bilbao (EAJ9); possibly relaying Madrid (EAJ7).

Carnoustie: You give no estimated wavelength; it is impossible to trace a transmission in these conditions.

Three Valver (Lewisham): Kalundborg relaying dance music from Copenhagen studio.

Cantab (Cambridge): Possibly Langenberg, Berlin, PTT, Lyons.

J. W. W. (N. 6): This would appear to be a harmonic of Hanover.

Stuart (Guildford): We cannot trace any operatic relay at that time. From other reports received we should say that this was a Spanish transmission of which detailed programmes are not available.

Kiaora (Bognor): The only broadcasting station possessing call-letters approaching those you heard is Lima (Peru) OAX on 380 metres. We shall be pleased to hear further regarding this Spanish transmission, but surely this must be Bilbao (EAJ9) on 438 m.

Lulham: Prague. Do you mean on W.L. below 5XX or 2LO? If you base your condenser readings on those of XXX, we should say that you heard Koenigs wusterhausen’s relay of a revue evening at the Berlin studio. Your details tally with that programme.

The Old Man (Eastbourne): No, from Continental reports received, we believe this to be a test from the new high-power Bucharest station.

Ipse (Southend-on-Sea): Lille, of which the detailed programmes are seldom published.

Piano (Woking): What you heard on Wednesday, October 21, was a transmission from Naples, not Milan; the station advertised a relay of Verdi’s Masked Ball, but it is possible that the programme was altered; in that case, the transmission picked up on the previous evening was also from that station.

Buscador (Nottingham): We do not know of any German transmission on this wavelength; probably a harmonic of Hamburg.

Tuned Anode (Bournemouth): Your estimated wavelength is much too vague; we cannot trace.

Rumboy (Ballymoney): (1) Langenberg, an hour of recitations, followed by an English programme dedicated to Great Britain; (2) Copenhagen, talk on English literature followed by a similar programme to above.

R. G. 3 (Southampton): Wavelength wrong; Warsaw, English lesson by Mrs. Gardiner.

Surprised (Walthamstow): The call tallies with that of Radio Malabar (Bandoeng, Java) on 17.3 metres.