Skipper (Great Yarmouth): Cannot confirm, but believe this is a transmission from De Bilt (KNMI), Holland, on 1,100 m. Meteorological forecasts are broadcast four times daily, and it is probable that as a Government station, it also sends out a time signal. We do not recognise the call sign.
J. E. H. (Rhondda): (1) Probably Cadiz (EAJ3) experimental concert; (2) Nuremberg relaying dance music from Munich; (3) Falun relaying dance music from Stockholm; (4) Yes, if W.L. correct, should be WJAZ (Chicago), but cannot check programme.
E. H. Johnson (Portslade): (1) PTT Paris, 8. a.m., News, 2.10 p.m. afternoon concert; (2) PTT Lyons relaying the afternoon concert from PTT Paris.
Ore (Bedminster): On June 28, 29 and 30, Koenigsusterhausen, Berlin, Langenberg and Stuttgart broadcast a programme of gramophone records from 4.30 to 7.30 a.m. You heard Koenigsusterhausen. See Eclipse list of foreign transmissions in World-Radio, issue 24/6/27, No. 100.
M. R. E. (S.W.1): Dortmund relaying dance music from Cologne via Langenberg.
Sunbeam (Workington): Dortmund (relaying dance music from Cologne via Langenberg until 1 a.m. 3/7/27). See programme in World Radio.
Straight Two (Allerton): Apparently gramophone records, but without some estimated W.L. it is impossible to identify transmitter. Most of the long-wave stations were broadcasting dance music.
M. M. (Manchester): Details are too vague - can trace no French station working at that time.
Jaybejay (Edinburgh): Sorö relaying Copenhagen. Dance music relayed from the Restaurant Nimb. Midnight chimes relayed from the Town Hall. See programme in World Radio.
D.K. Fiend (Nuneaton): Possibly Radio Toulouse, which uses a metronome as an interval signal. Coupon must be sent with each enquiry.
Ninety Second: Freiburg relaying dance music from Frankfurt-on-Main.
Boston: Possibly Belgrade testing (about 1,650 m.).
10001 (Jersey): New station at Rennes (Brittany) (320 m.) relay of PTT Paris.
A. Rhodes (Watford): Details and W.L. are very vague - possibly Langenberg.
Blink Bonny (Bournemouth): Eiffel Tower relaying PTT Paris. Dance music from the Coliseum (Eiffel Tower, Worry): Bell Telephone Company, Canada (26.18 m.) working in connection with the Beam station at Drummondville, Quebec.
B. H. Roper (Guernsey): Coupon relaying Weather Report and News from Dublin. Coupon must be sent with each enquiry.
B. H. Roper (Guernsey): Cork relaying weather report and news from Dublin.
Tocsin (Sheffield): (1) WL surely correct; (2) Langenberg relaying concert from the Rheinterrasse, Düsseldorf, until midnight; (3) The École Supérieure des PTT Paris relayed the speeches from the banquet given by the American Chamber of Commerce, Paris, to the U.S.A. aviators (Commander Byrd, etc.). The transmission was taken by all PTT relays, including the Eiffel Tower. You received this from PTT Rennes (320 m.). Coupon must be sent with each enquiry.
F. G. N. (Goring): (1) WL must be wrong, Koenigs Wusterhausen, Berlin, Langenberg, and Stuttgart broadcast a programme of gramophone records from 4.30 to 7.30 a.m. on June 28, 29, and 30. This was surely Stuttgart on 379 m. See Eclipse list of foreign transmission in World-Radio issue 24/6/27, No. 100.
Stalled (Guernsey): Motala, 204 m., relaying Stockholm. Organ concert followed by dance music.
H. Hibbs (Portland): (1) Langenberg (468 m.); (2) Leipzig (365 m.). News, followed by dance music.
Ted Vaughan (Surrey): We do not know if a KDKA official relay on 21.5 m., but U.S.A. stations are experimenting on many short wavelengths.
Reinartz (Edgware): The École Supérieure des PTT Paris relayed the speeches from the banquet given by the American Chamber of Commerce, Paris, to the U.S.A. aviators (Commander Byrd, etc.). The transmission was taken by all PTT relays, including the Eiffel Tower. You received this from PTT Paris (464 m.).
H. F. 42 (Regent’s Park): Very vague, possibly Juan-les-Pins, with which time and style of broadcast would tally.
R. Brand (Loughton): The École Supérieure des PTT Paris relayed the speeches from the banquet given by the American Chamber of Commerce to the U.S.A. aviators (Commander Byrd, etc.). The transmission was relayed to all PTT stations, including the Eiffel Tower. You received this through PTT Lille (287 m.).
Stoker-Schnell: (1) Possibly French Military station OCMV (Mount Valérien, Paris) on 39 m.; (2) Cannot trace, details too vague.
The Old Roman Bridge (Bells Hill): (1) Noms-de-plume must be accompanied by sender's name and address. The language was probably French; an aircraft and aerodrome interchange were the subject. With the exception of the first (Air Ministry) these were amateur transmissions.
BM/GAFW (Luddenden): Koenigswusterhausen taking dance music from Berlin studio.
M. Ellison (Ballymoney, Co. Antrim): Through Marseilles, you heard the speeches given at the banquet offered by the American Chamber of Commerce in Paris to Commander Byrd and his companions; they were relayed by PTT Paris to all the official French stations including Eiffel Tower.
S. R. D. (Earsdon): See previous reply. You do not state wavelength, so we cannot possibly tell you through which station you heard this transmission.
Quatre V (Pontypool): See reply to Ellison (Ballymoney).
Ailing Night (Alton): You must give your name and address, with a nom-de-plume. Your enquiry is not clear. Were the Tennis Notes broadcast in English? We can trace no transmission at that time of this nature from any European station. The chimes followed by dance music would indicate Langenberg, but in that case your wavelength is wrong.