B. H. Roper (Guernsey): Cork relaying weather report and news from Dublin.

Tocsin (Sheffield): (1) WL. surely wrong; each enquiry. (2) Langenberg relaying concert from the Rheinterrasse, Düsseldorf, until midnight; (3) The École Supérieure des PTT Paris relayed the speeches from the banquet given by the American Chamber of Commerce, Paris, to the U.S.A. aviators (Commander Byrd, etc.). The transmission was taken by all PTT relays, including the Eiffel Tower. You received this from PTT Rennes (320 m.). Coupon must be sent with each enquiry.

F. G. N. (Goring): (1) WL. must be wrong, Koenigs Wusterhausen, Berlin, Langenberg, and Stuttgart broadcast a programme of gramophone records from 4.30 to 7.30 a.m. on June 28, 29, and 30. This was surely Stuttgart on 379 m. See Eclipse list of foreign transmission in World-Radio issue 24/6/27, No. 100.

Stalled (Guernsey): Motala, 204 m., relaying Stockholm. Organ concert followed by dance music.

H. Hibbs (Portland): (1) Langenberg (468 m.); (2) Leipzig (365 m.). News, followed by dance music.

Ted Vaughan (Surrey): We do not know if a KDKA official relay on 21.5 m., but U.S.A. stations are experimenting on many short wavelengths.

Reinartz (Edgware): The École Supérieure des PTT Paris, relayed the speeches from the banquet given by the American Chamber of Commerce, Paris, to the U.S.A. aviators (Commander Byrd, etc.). The transmission was taken by all PTT relays, including the Eiffel Tower. You received this from PTT Paris (464 m.).

H. F. 42 (Regent’s Park): Very vague, possibly Juan-les-Pins, with which time and style of broadcast would tally.

R. Brand (Loughton): The École Supérieure des PTT Paris relayed the speeches from the banquet given by the American Chamber of Commerce to the U.S.A. aviators (Commander Byrd, etc.). The transmission was relayed to all PTT stations, including the Eiffel Tower. You received this through PTT Lille (287 m.).

Stoker-Schnell: (1) Possibly French Military station OCMV (Mount Valérien, Paris) on 39 m.; (2) Cannot trace, details too vague.

The Old Roman Bridge (Bells Hill): (1) Noms-de-plume must be accompanied by sender's name and address. The language was probably French; an aircraft and aerodrome interchange were the subject. With the exception of the first (Air Ministry) these were amateur transmissions.