Ubiquitous (Manchester): (1) Motala, relaying Stockholm; (2) Huizen (Holland), relay of church service from St. Salcatori’s Church at Amsterdam.; at 8.10 p.m. relay of sacred concert from Amsterdam; (3) Kovno; (4) too vague, regret, cannot trace.; (5) Copenhagen. At 6 p.m. time signal and news, followed by cabaret; (6) Falun, relaying Stockholm.
Frequent (Loughborough): (1) Cork (own concert) see programme in World-Radio; (2) surely Vienna (Rosenhügel) itself.
Sexton (Clapham): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen. Dance music from the Restaurant Nimb. Chimes from the Town Hall at midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.).
G. H. T. (Weston-super-Mare): Apparently Aberdeen, which was relaying dance music from London until midnight.
Switch Hater (Wellhall): Madrid (EAJ7).
Rooty: Huizen (Holland) relay of sacred service from St. Peter’s Church at Gulpen.
T. A. K. (Beckenham): This would appear to be a test transmission from Munich, previous to the relay of WGY (Schenectady) which was advertised to take place on Sunday, November 20; quite possibly taken by other German stations.
G. L. H. D. (Dollis Hill): CKCX (Toronto) 0.5 kw.
In the Soup (Forest Hill): W1., apparently wrong, regret, cannot trace.
Canton (Birmingham): It is impossible to estimate wavelength from condenser readings, but either Frankfurt or Langenberg, which were both giving that class of transmission.
D. X. 4. (F.D.): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.
Earphones (Brechin): Madrid (EAJ7).
G. H. C.: Stockholm.
Girdle Two: (a) Apparently a relay of Stockholm, possibly Karlstad? (b) Radio LL, is a station run by a manufacturer of wireless apparatus at Paris on 370 m., a short wave transmitter has now been added.
K. F. H. (Hants): Posen (344.8 m.) relaying dance music from the Restaurant Palais Royal until 11 p.m. G.M.T. (Interval signal: metronome).
Derf (Hull): Kalundborg (Denmark), relaying Copenhagen. Dance music from the Restaurant Nimb. Chimes from the Town Hall.
E. V. B. (Portsmouth): (1) Yes Frederiksstad, relaying Oslo. The Swedish reading and recitation, by Thyra Freding was given before the concert, and not after, as advertised; (2) the new Italian station (not yet definitely identified) 545 metres, relaying Milan.
J. H. H. (Dundee): Hilversum. Classical concert.
Puzzled 3 Valves (Chilham): Apparently Leningrad; your details do not tally with the Hilversum programme.
A. V. Taylor (Wallasay Hill): CKCX (Toronto). Frederiksstad, relaying Oslo. The Swedish reading and recitation, by Thyra Freding was given before the concert, and not after, as advertised; (2) the new Italian station (not yet definitely identified) 545 metres, relaying Milan.
J. H. H. (Dundee): Hilversum: Classical concert.
Puzzled 3 Valves (Chilham): Apparently Leningrad; your details do not tally with the Hilversum programme.
4 Valver (Wallasey): Kalundborg relaying dance music from Copenhagen until midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.). Chimes from the Town Hall.
C. E. C. (West Derby): (1) Yes, Brussels, relaying dance music from the Palais de Danse St. Sauveur; (2) yes, Vienna (Rosenhügel) talk followed by Quartet.
Worthing: The new Italian station (not yet definitely identified) relaying Milan.
Pyro (Horfield): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen until 11.30 p.m. G.M.T. Chimes from the Town Hall.
Doubtful (Weybridge): Langenberg, chimes from studio.
Naturwissenschaft (Leicester): (1) PTT Marseilles (309 m.) own concert; (2) Posen (344.8 m.) relaying dance music from the Restaurant Carlton until 11 p.m. G.M.T.
Cricklewood 4 Valve: Yes, Moscow Comintern (RDW).
Mac (Potto): Langenberg.
Night Hawk (Cannington): (1) You give no estimate of WL; possibly Kattowitz, but no programme details are available; (2) Frankfurt-on-Main, 6.45 p.m. G.M.T., gymnastic display preceded by gramophone records.
Jack Laws G. (N.W.10): Göteborg, relaying Stockholm. Nathan der Weise, drama by Lessing.
Mescio (Moffat): Moscow Comintern (RDW).
3 Valver (Chesterfield): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen.
BM/KBGL (Bury St. Edmunds): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen, dance music from the Restaurant Nimb. November 21 afternoon concert.
Bróxbourne (Birmingham): No, this was Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen, preceded by orchestral concert.
Nelson (Wealdstone): Vienna (Rosenhügel). Call: Radio Wien. (Interval signal: metronome).
Melvyn (Neath): If WL. correct Warsaw (a lady announcer), but this station was not advertised to work so late. Stockholm was relaying foreign stations at about that time, and there is a possibility that you received this through Boden.
BM/BE2W: Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen. Pianoforte recital followed by orchestral concert.
Fisher (Grantham): (1) Nürnberg, relaying dance music from the Hotel Der Reichsadler at Munich; (2) Lyons PTT, relaying PTT Paris.
J. H. S. (Cheltenham): (1) Motala, relaying Stockholm, Nathan der Weise, a drama by Lessing; (2) Koenigswusterhausen relaying Leipzig. Requiem (Mozart).
O. V. I. Reinartz (Reigate): Radio LL is a station run by a manufacturer of wireless apparatus at Paris on 370 metres; a short-wave transmitter has now been installed.
Chippy (Bognor): Prague. Call: Allo! Praha.
Ooze Turn (Stratford): Moscow Comintern (RDW) outside relay.
Trento (Riverside): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen; orchestral concert followed at 10 p.m. G.M.T. by a relay of dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.
Acomt (York): Radio LL is a station run by a manufacturer of wireless apparatus in Paris on 370 m.; a short wave transmitter has now been added.
R. H. (Tauton): Rather vague, but possibly Madrid (EAJ5). Moscow Comintern (RDW). Outside relay.
The Company Sergeant-Major: (1) Details rather vague, but if WL. approximately correct, Radio-Toulouse, (2) Bilbao (EAJ9), a Union Radio station; possibly relaying Madrid (EAJ7), (3) Madrid (EAJ7), (4) Copenhagen, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen, (5) PTT Lille, relaying PTT Paris; dance music from the Coliseum until midnight.
Family Four: If you are sure of WL. Leningrad (cannot confirm as no detailed programmes available), but your details would also tally with Kalundborg, which was relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen at that time; chimes from the Town Hall at midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.).
K. C. B. (Manchester): Moscow Comintern (RDW). Special bulletins broadcast for the benefit of men’s clubs and rest houses, read slowly in order to allow transcription to be made of the news.
Denton (44): Leningrad.
Joey Fige (Dover): Frankfurt-on-Main, concert of the works of Bach.
A. E. Lowndes: If WL. correct, Leningrad.
Puritan (Guildford): If Spanish, Bilbao (EAJ9); possibly relaying Madrid (EAJ7).
Early Bird (Reading): Posen (341 E. M.); interval signal: metronome.
Schoolboy (Manchester): 6RL, amateur R. Gregson, 2, Laurel Avenue, Blackpool.
White Cross (Rochdale): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen.
A. H. M. (Jersey): PTT Lyons, relaying PTT Marseilles.
Ajax (St. Annes-on-Sea): Huizen (Holland), 1,840 m.
Faverdale (Darlington): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen. Chimes from the Town Hall at midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.).
Yarn (Halifax): The new Italian station (not yet definitely identified) relaying Milan.
Cov-try: You give no date ; details re estimate of W.L. too vague; regret, cannot trace.
E. M. B. (Farnham Royal): Cork, relaying Children's Corner from Dublin.
Catty (Bradford-on-Avon): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.
A. M. (Brighton): Leningrad (1,000 m.).
W. Taylor (Llanelly): Falun, relaying English lesson from Stockholm.
Two Valve (Hall Green): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.
Acland (Witton Park): Augsberg, relaying Munich, which gave in the course of a broadcast the first German translation of a book by the Chess Champion, Capablanca.
Tess (Lincoln): An amateur transmission, but cannot trace as call sign is incomplete.
8 Valver (Dulwich): Your details are too vague, regret cannot trace; possibly an amateur transmission.
Ture: The new Italian station (not yet definitely identified) relaying Milan.
Wosthat (Nottingham): We know of no relay of Munich on a wavelength below that of Nürnberg (303 m.). This was possibly a test transmission by the former station previous to the relay of WGY (Schenectady) which was advertised to take place on November 20 ; quite possibly taken by other German stations.
Caravan: The New Italian station (not yet definitely identified), 545 m., relays Milan.
Pinnacle (Dorset): Yes, this was Moscow Comintern (RDW).
Swan Four (Rhyl): Langenberg, relaying the 70th Jubilee Festival of the Aix-la-Chapelle (Aachen) Carnival Association.
S. S. W. V.: (1) Radio LL (Paris) is run by a manufacturer of wireless apparatus on 370 m., a short-wave transmitter has now been installed. (2) do not understand your query; do you mean above the usual WL of Radio LL. (370)?
Ultradyne (Hendon): PTT Lille, relaying PTT Paris ; Wagner Festival from the Theatre Mogador, Paris.
Broadcaster: Surely W.L. wrong ; more likely to be Langenberg at that time.
M. P. M. (Torquay): (1) We regret that we cannot trace, but it is almost impossible to identify station heard without some estimate of W.L. (2) apparently an amateur transmission.
E. M. L. (Richmond): Moscow Comintern (RDW).
J. S. (Parkgate): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen ; chimes from the Town Hall. Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.
M. J. N. (Oldham): (1) WL. apparently wrong; can trace no organ recital at that time on or about that WL., possibly an altered programme from some station. (2) Moscow Comintern (RDW), relay of opera from Opera House, Eugene Onegin (Tchaikovsky).
Filadyne (Old Kilpatrick): Rather vague, but possibly Kiel, relaying Hamburg. Concert from the Café Deutschland, Altona.
Libby (Lancs): Berlin, Il Trovatore (Verdi) relayed from the Charlottenburg Opera House; also taken by Koenigswusterhausen and Stettin.
Wabez (Hove): Yes, Motala relaying concert from Stockholm.
H. Mount (Deal): Your details are much too vague, regret cannot trace; quite possibly an amateur transmission at that time.
Enyap (London): Yes, Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen. Chimes from the Town Hall at midnight.
Supherk (Norwich): Moscow Comintern (RDW).
Myra Gray: Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen. Pianoforte recital followed by orchestral concert and relay of dance music from the Restaurant Nimb.
Devonshire Pumphing: (1) Yes, Moscow Comintern (RDW); relay concert from the studio of the Radio Peredacha; (2) Dortmund (283 m.) relaying Langenberg orchestral Hall (Pennine) signal would tally with that of Budapest itself; this station also has a lady announcer.
Rocket (Kirkby Lonsdale): Are you sure of the date? Your details would tally with Motala on November 18, which relayed an English lesson from Stockholm at that time.
12. A.G.: (31) Very vague, but possibly Hilversum; (32) Boden relaying Malmö; (33) possibly Madrid (EAJ7); (34) Koenigsberg, relaying orchestral concert from Danzig.
Sparks (Derby): W.I. wrong; this was Hamburg. Early morning time signal, followed by weather and news, and talk for the housewife. Gramophone records in the intervals.
Midnight (Rochdale): Apparently Kalundborg, working later than advertised in programmes.
Searcher (High Wycombe): Stuttgart. 2.30 p.m., talk; 3 p.m., relay of Judas Maccabeus.
3 Valver (Newbridge): Moscow Comintern (RDW).
Inky 1 (Lincoln): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.
B.M./B.R.2P.: Langenberg, relaying dance music from the Hotel zur Post at Elberfeld until midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.).
Voyageur (Rishton): Milan on 545 m.
Hibernia (Loughrea): So far as we know Stuttgart did not relay WGY (Schenectady) on that date; you appear to have received Bergen by land line.
Home Made (Newcastle): This was English lesson by L. Somerville.
Ben Hur: It is very difficult to estimate W1. from your condenser readings, possibly Geneva, but cannot confirm.
Wanderer (Bath): We know of no German station working on a W1. below that of Stettin (236 m.). Regret, cannot trace.
Wireless Lunatic (Warwick): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen. Chimes from the Town Hall at midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.), and yes Posen (344.8 m.), interval signal atmosphere.
H.F.42: (2) No, this would tally with Frederikstad, relaying Oslo. Revue relayed from the Chat Noir Theatre.
Lisleen (Stanmore): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from one Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.
J. B. (Breeston): We regret that we cannot trace, as it is almost impossible to identify station heard without some estimate of W1., and your condenser readings do not help.
E.S.3 (Nottingham): W1. wrong; details would tally with Prague; call, "Allo! Praha."
Two Valves Gets 'Em (Brighton): (1) Moscow Comintern (RDW); (2) Huizen (Holland), 1,840 m.; (3) Stuttgart; (4) Milan, relay of Acts III. and IV. of Ernani (Verdi).
Oscillating (Moseley): Posen (Poland), 344.8 m.; a lady announcer. Chamber music followed at 9 p.m. G.M.T. by time signal and talk.
Radio Wanderer (Portsmouth): Milan on 545 m.
Distance Urge: Yes, Kovno (Lithuania), November 23; 6.10 p.m., G.M.T., agricultural report, followed by concert of Turkish music.
Bild (Firth Park): If W1. correct, Moscow Comintern (RDW).
Quatre V. (Pontypool): Copenhagen dance music until 11.30 p.m., G.M.T.
Thompson (Barrow-in-Furness): Motala, relaying English lesson from Stockholm.
E.4 Valver (London): Huizen (Holland), 1,950 m.
Müssel (Musselburgh): It is very difficult to estimate W1. from your condenser readings; details would tally with Hilversum.
Schoolboy Searcher: (1) Yes, Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen; classical string
Airlie (Leeds): Cannot confirm as programme not available, but we believe this to be Kattowitz.
Scottie (Battersea): Madrid (EAJ7).
Nobby Clark (Maidenhead): We believe this to be Kattowitz (Poland), which is working on 422 m. (a lady announcer), but cannot confirm as no programmes are available.
Globe Trotter (Eastbourne): (1) If your estimate of W.L. is correct, Motala, but this station was not advertised to work so late; possibly an altered programme; (2) Milan on 545 m.
Sorry to Trouble (Sefton Park): W.L. apparently wrong, as we can trace no station on or about that W.L. which would tally with your details.
A. Neal (Nunthorpe): (a) Barcelona (EAJ1); (b) Yes, Prague; (c) Lille PTT, relaying PTT Paris; (d) Boden, relaying symphony concert from Malmo; (e) Koenigswusterhausen; (f) Langenberg, relaying concert from Muenchen-Gladbach.
A. C. (Torquay): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen.
Kia Ora (Bolton): (1) We believe this to be Rome (IAX) on 45 m.; (2) KDKA (East Pittsburg) is now transmitting on this W.L.; (3) we do not know of any Spanish station on so low a W.L.; possibly PTT Toulouse.
Early Morn (Cambridge): We cannot confirm, but we believe Posen was testing at about that time on that date.
Dentist (Warrington), Wyche (Droitwich): Yes, apparently gramophone records; we believe this to be Kattowitz (Poland) testing.
W. E. R. (London): Most probably an amateur transmission at that time.
Mullard “De Luxe”: (1) Koenigswusterhausen; (2) Copenhagen, relay of service from the Garrison Church.
Brivet: Cannot trace in programmes; Madrid (EAJ7) was working until 12.45 a.m., but did not advertise a play.
Mayford (Axminster): From your details it is very difficult to identify transmitter; possibly KDKA (East Pittsburg) on 26 metres.
3 Valver (Dorset), W. M. (East Linton): Moscow Comintern (RDW). News. M. does not tally with your details, as programme was different from the two neighbouring stations.
Two Valves (Gets): (2) Milan.
Brighton: (1) Moscow Comintern (RDW); (2) relay of Acts III. and IV. of Verdi’s Ernani.
Bonzo (Sidcup): Warsaw testing.
China (Birmingham): We regret that we are unable to trace your details; possibly Italy or France. believe this to be Rome (IAX) on 45 m. (Bogner): (c) not (East Pittsburg) is now transmitting on this m.; (2) KDKA I do not know of any Spanish station on so low a WL.; (3) PTT Toulouse.
Retta (Sydenham): Sorry, but detailed programmes not available; (3) apparently Barcelona.
Wimbledon: (1) Somewhat vague, but would tally with (4) cannot trace.
Elfin 4 (Dover): San Sebastian, Madrid (EAJ7), and Bilbao (EAJ9), relaying possibly tell you what fishing boats these were. Opera from Barcelona (EAJ1): (2) Yes, Kattowitz, but (3) Patently Barcelona
Ynysybwl: Posen, relaying concert Symphony Orchestra from Warsaw.
Early Bird (Hanover): News (English) early morning broadcast of news, relayed from Hamburg.
Ynysybwl: Posen,: Leipzig, dance music relayed from Hamburg.
Medusa (Worthing), Cormorant (Morecambe): We believe this is Kattowitz (Poland) testing. You may use coupons from any issue of World-Radio.
Shann (Yorks): Leipzig, dance music Please obtain further details from your friend. (a) If your WL. is approximately correct, (b) Barcelona |E. T. O. * (EAJ22); (b) Posen; French lesson, | Hanover Kalundborg, relaying concert from the Odd Fellows’ Institute
Jumbo (Dublin): at Copenhagen. Organ recital not advertised in programme, but from 7 p.m. a broadcast of the First State Symphony Concert, devoted to Czech-Slovakian music.
J. E. Mossman (Nottingham): If WL. correct, this was Kattowitz (422 m.), a lady announcer, but cannot confirm as no programmes are available.
Ben Hur: Vienna (operetta).