```plaintext
A. H. M. (Jersey): PTT Lyons, relaying PTT Marseilles.
Ajax (St. Annes-on-Sea): Huizen (Holland), 1,840 m.
Faverdale (Darlington): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen. Chimes from the Town Hall at midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.).
Yarn (Halifax): The new Italian station (not yet definitely identified) relaying Milan.
Cov-try: You give no date ; details re estimate of W.L. too vague; regret, cannot trace.
E. M. B. (Farnham Royal): Cork, relaying Children's Corner from Dublin.
Catty (Bradford-on-Avon): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.
A. M. (Brighton): Leningrad (1,000 m.).
W. Taylor (Llanelly): Falun, relaying English lesson from Stockholm.
Two Valve (Hall Green): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.
Acland (Witton Park): Augsberg, relaying Munich, which gave in the course of a broadcast the first German translation of a book by the Chess Champion, Capablanca.
Tess (Lincoln): An amateur transmission, but cannot trace as call sign is incomplete.
8 Valver (Dulwich): Your details are too vague, regret cannot trace; possibly an amateur transmission.
Ture: The new Italian station (not yet definitely identified) relaying Milan.
Wosthat (Nottingham): We know of no relay of Munich on a wavelength below that of Nürnberg (303 m.). This was possibly a test transmission by the former station previous to the relay of WGY (Schenectady) which was advertised to take place on November 20 ; quite possibly taken by other German stations.
Caravan (The New Italian station (not yet definitely identified), 545 m., relays Milan.
Pinnacle (Dorset): Yes, this was Moscow Comintern (RDW).
Swan Four (Rhyl): Langenberg, relaying the 70th Jubilee Festival of the Aix-la-Chapelle (Aachen) Carnival Association.
S. S. W. V.: (1) Radio LL (Paris) is run by a manufacturer of wireless apparatus on 370 m., a short-wave transmitter has now been installed. (2) do not understand your query; do you mean above the usual WL of Radio LL. (370)?
Ultradyne (Hendon): PTT Lille, relaying PTT Paris ; Wagner Festival from the Theatre Mogador, Paris.
Broadcaster: Surely W.L. wrong ; more likely to be Langenberg at that time.
M. P. M. (Torquay): (1) We regret that we cannot trace, but it is almost impossible to identify station heard without some estimate of W.L. (2) apparently an amateur transmission.
E. M. L. (Richmond): Moscow Comintern (RDW).
J. S. (Parkgate): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen ; chimes from the Town Hall.
```