Kalmudborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.

M. J. N. (Oldham): (1) WL. apparently wrong; can trace no organ recital at that time on or about that WL., possibly an altered programme from some station.

(2) Moscow Comintern (RDW), relay of opera from Opera House, Eugene Onegin (Tchaikovsky).

Filadyne (Old Kilpatrick): Rather vague, but possibly Kiel, relaying Hamburg. Concert from the Café Deutschland, Altona.

Libby (Lancs): Berlin, Il Trovatore (Verdi) relayed from the Charlottenburg Opera House; also taken by Koenigswusterhausen and Stettin.

Wabez (Hove): Yes, Motala relaying concert from Stockholm.

H. Mount (Deal): Your details are much too vague, regret cannot trace; quite possibly an amateur transmission at that time.

Enyap (London): Yes, Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen. Chimes from the Town Hall at midnight.

Supherk (Norwich): Moscow Comintern (RDW).

Myra Gray: Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen. Pianoforte recital followed by orchestral concert and relay of dance music from the Restaurant Nimb.

Devonshire Pumphing: (1) Yes, Moscow Comintern (RDW); relay concert from the studio of the Radio Peredacha; (2) Dortmund (283 m.) relaying Langenberg orchestral Hall (Pennine) signal would tally with that of Budapest itself; this station also has a lady announcer.

Rocket (Kirkby Lonsdale): Are you sure of the date? Your details would tally with Motala on November 18, which relayed an English lesson from Stockholm at that time.

12. A.G.: (31) Very vague, but possibly Hilversum; (32) Boden relaying Malmö; (33) possibly Madrid (EAJ7); (34) Koenigsberg, relaying orchestral concert from Danzig.

Sparks (Derby): W.I. wrong; this was Hamburg. Early morning time signal, followed by weather and news, and talk for the housewife. Gramophone records in the intervals.

Midnight (Rochdale): Apparently Kalundborg, working later than advertised in programmes.

Searcher (High Wycombe): Stuttgart. 2.30 p.m., talk; 3 p.m., relay of Judas Maccabeus.

3 Valver (Newbridge): Moscow Comintern (RDW).

Inky 1 (Lincoln): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.

B.M./B.R.2P.: Langenberg, relaying dance music from the Hotel zur Post at Elberfeld until midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.).

Voyageur (Rishton): Milan on 545 m.

Hibernia (Loughrea): So far as we know Stuttgart did not relay WGY (Schenectady) on that date; you appear to have received Bergen by land line.

Home Made (Newcastle): This was English lesson by L. Somerville.

Ben Hur: Irey, reading of