New Starter (N. 20): 2PX advertised as amateur transmitter, East Ham.
Slim (Goudaurst): (1) Langenberg, relaying classical and dance music from Cologne. The German National Anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian Hymn; (2) Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.
Curious (Southampton): Yes, this was Berlin (Witzleben) gramophone record; see first paragraph in "Via Ether."
Joikey (Swindon): Munich relaying the St. Matthew Passion (Bach) from the Odeon.
Valve (Taunton): Leeds (277.8 m.), talk for Scouts - "Birds in Spring," Barcelona (EAJ1).
S. G. E. W. (Glasgow): (1) 5NW amateur transmitter at Dundee; (2) yes, if W.L. correct, Breslau testing, but no, we cannot confirm; (3) yes, Posen (a lady announcer) giving light concert until 1 a.m. G.M.T.
Tommar (Sutton): Apparently one of the Swedish relays of Stockholm, but cannot confirm as no details were advertised in the programme.
Kitten (Hartlepool): This was a German station, as the German National Anthem of that country is played to the melody of the old Austrian Hymn; your estimate of W.L. is surely wrong, we cannot say which as most of the German stations closed down at 11 p.m. G.M.T. on that date.
O. A. Aitken (Northumberland): 5NW amateur transmitter at Dundee. 49 M./N. (N. 16): Your details are too vague, regret, cannot trace, possibly an amateur transmission.
BM/BBTS (The Mount): N端rnberg is now on 241.4 m., and M端nster on 803 m.
R. W. A. K. (Liverpool): (1) Yes, WEAF (New York); (2) Berne, relaying orchestral concert from the Gundeldinger Casino; (3) Yes, Br端nn, relaying popular concert from Prague; (4) PTT Lille, relaying dance music from the Lilliana Dance Hall.
R. S. W. (Andover): (1) 5SW B.B.C. experimental station at Chelmsford (Essex).
Woodro (Thorpe Bay): An amateur transmission but cannot trace as you give no call sign.
Longcliffe (Yeovil): N端rnberg and Kaiserslautern taking the Munich programme.
Whey Rizit (Annan): This was Koenigs Wusterhausen, relaying Berlin. See first paragraph in "Via Ether," World-Radio issue April 6.
Robin (Kent): Apparently Bordeaux (Radio-Sud-Ouest) but cannot confirm as no programmes are available.
Master Three (Stroud Green): Cologne, giving a concert of classical and dance music.
8 Valve (Ely): Stockholm relaying 5GB (working later than advertised in programme).
Interested (Sunderland): Milan (Vigentino), see wavelengths page.
Wamphray: Motala (working later than advertised in programme) relaying 5GB.