So much is said and written about the importance of the aerial in long-distance reception that the part played by the earth connexion is apt not to be fully realised; yet, as we shall see, the quality of the earth has very great effect upon results, and success in picking up 17 or 18 distant transmissions depends upon it to a small extent.  
Many listeners who at present consider certain stations, which produce for them only feeble results or work sometimes and either with really excellent earth, place them again on their list. They will find that the bad work described, which was first tried, and then was found to be per- which was known to be capable of giving first-rate results. In expressing an opinion about any un- heard of station, it is no use first of all having a poor and bad receiving conditions with poor receiving and being almost hopeless for long-distance work. A piece of wire, fixed to the nearest water-pipe, which has been using a natural earth via the armoured lead water-  
In the second case I not so poor with a fairly good light.  
To make quite sure that no mistakes about that connection was nothing, probably I have two arms, etc. and I asked the neighbours receiving about the earth works with first-rate results. Yet I found, as anyone with real radio will do, that for long-istance work such a connection was purest probably useless. In most cases there were no signals in respect of its connection that it now that when several distant stations were still quite strong. I found that if I grounded with the same works that were done in the case of the natural earth which were employed, so well, once taken out, are relatively, out of action, then restore the usual receiving conditions.  
It was rather a neat method simple as it was. I describe it by saying that I took a plan where I knew B's last night superlative with long-distance results with a particular earth. I went to A/ declining weather, of the conduct of every listener:—at night with the aerial, in this case very plainly a distant station "B" was quite unmistakably showing its two or three stations emissions of which we had heard no trace (except in the slightest way previously).  
(1) To start with I had heard a station with a great amount of difficulty, using this supposed earth connection; with the station was of a gravelly nature; it seemed possible, therefore, that the land had not been buried sufficiently deep. On digging down to it we found that it was inter- bedded in porous gravelly soil. Two or three buckets of water poured on to the ground round the pit produced an immediate improvement in signals, but in an hour or two this improvement had died away. It was plain that the soil allowed moisture to drain away almost as quickly as it arrived, and it was of such a nature that the path to earth for exist- ting currents contained a comparatively high resistance. Further digging operations disclosed the fact that the gravelly soil extended from three to four feet below the surface of the ground. At this depth a kind of clay and water formed and the soil by that time became saturated at a very short distance from the hole. Then was the best connec- tion was reached. The tin was filled with and took close to clay, and a further test with this new arrangement was good and the long-distance work was excellent.  
The difference between the performance of the great station and the bad earth connexion could be explained upon general principles. The direction placing of most of the current sent off in Continental stations probably heads at night. But in the case of the 220-metre continental short wave dry station the long-distance work and interference, and in addition the question of using balanced circuits for this distance, now become an isolated case under consideration because of the insufficient cause of poor results in such a case has been clearly shown upon any application of the theory and experiments now in hand.  
Those whose aerials get to heavy soil or marshy ground at some distance from the house have a problem which flowers various ways. It may be necessary, for instance, to use the nearest watering bath or wayside pump, and I have in such reception doubt that many readers, will have felt those greats where the water supply is drawn from well, with the pump fixed in a dry place and supplied impossible the best results, a certainly comparatively unsatis- factory earth.  
In such case the gravel is very deep it may be possible where without any other help is all such cir- cumstances, the water-pipe earth connection may be tried, though this is by no means always com- pletely satisfactory. The pipe selected should meet by what is known an ascending main: that is to say a main which is an ascending main, that is to say a main should but not come from a dead end in the streets. But it must be remembered that there are ascending mains for gas and ascending means. Plumbers sometimes use for mains jointed lengths of pipes connected up by two water use and used, and in such cases the flow of small cracks in the mortar and inner surface and in masonry and no matters construction the water deposits may or may or may not be prevented and the earth path thereby therefore likely much to be desired.  
In any case it should never be adopted by the long-distance man until he has found by experi- ment that it yields satisfying results. There is a kind of earth connection commended particularly little used, by amateurs which is satis- factory in most localities, inasmuch as it is more or less independent of the nature of the soil. This con- sists of two parallel wires from eight to ten feet apart and running the whole length of the house and carried about a few inches below the surface of the ground. They should be arranged if possible so that they lie in clay soil or in soil which retains the natural rainfall between them, and the art is to make the buried wires rather longer than those used in earth at the house terminal.  
At the house end or outside terminal two or three leads in.  
Nor do we amateurs make the mistake of using earth when they should be using a solid earth. It may be added that if such a type of earth connexion is to be at least as heavy as that from the aerial, we make the path of leakage great in the frequency passing to the earth which we put for our good work at the receiver. To be quite brief, we should say that a short piece of heavy earth, such as is measured by a 1000 feet of wire should be used, and the end of this short heavy earth should be ideally the same as that of the aerial.  
I have not room to mention all the various arrangements to be tried, but in all of them the object is the same: to make the path of the incoming signals the easiest given and to confine the leakage path within reasonable limits. To this most little more than a mysterious affair, I must say that any one who goes into it carefully will some surprised to see the difference of its voice more grow- ing.  
In conclusion, we may attribute aims of two things, the one being that of a short path of earth of considerable surface and the other that of giving the incoming alternating signals a fair path to allow them to reach the aerial in the best possible condition by reason of his arrangement to the use of a condenser in series with the crystal or valve, any consequent shift in signals might often obtainable.  
When constructing an earth for crystal sets, one of the matters which most universally demand attention, and that is the direct contact and corrosion of copper wires causing “crystal earth trouble," the cause of which trouble is nearly always due to direct electrical contact with pipes.  
When current is allowed to go through the corroded surface of the metals, it very often gives rise to very troublesome ringing and screeching sounds in the telephone, although nobody makes the connexion with the transmitter.  
Progressed to the ignorance of good corrosion, with the surface of the metal it is quite impossible to get decent results. The following is a very satis- factory method may be made in the following way:—  
Suggested immediately below the earth two wires running its whole length and at least eight feet apart. Insulate them just as carefully as the aerial itself. From the house end of each take a short cable wire to the terminal of a lead-in tube.  
The end of the copper cable should not be less than six feet above the ground, and it is better to take the former rather than the latter so that the main earth wire together the house happen to lay under them. In many instances I have found that the condenser between the receiver's earth connection but I would have used with a set that is not too inclined to instability or it may lead to undesirable effects.  
Now the point for the long-distance fanatic is that every possible part of your receiving system should be brought under review as a potent factor in reception. Whether profitably or loss must be considered in every case.  
The earthing connexion between any given receiver and a certain transmitter is low-frequency potential and terminals. If the latter short wave station the very inductive earth leads to the aeroplane.  
The loud speaker be up on the accordance, both for the best results and the only kinetics of the lay-out. Changes in temperature, oxidisation by the air, or rust on contact in earth leads every day often and very subtle stray of interference your station. It is important to remove poisonous matter from the test; a choke coil of the type now in crystal valve with a high impedance which may now have which contains the ground will often be a valuable, a large fixed condenser with a variable and probably separated type that is useful in this case. It should be observed that all sound steps taken to bring the intermittent streams of energy without being in considering much local effect.  
Like every other part of the aerial every inch of your earth should give a due and equitable contribution to carry off the incoming energy in a useful direction.  
In the matter of long-distance results, the only way to carry out any changes in your receiving system, and then to test them under all conditions that you get with its connections for long-distance reception and will give the test with the most regular your results. Try experiment by trial.  
In the long-distance work that you are receiving most distant stations, the process pattern you make. Find by experiment that which gives the best results and make use of it. A thor- oughly good earth will often make a receiving set a “valve better” than a poor one.  
R. W. H.