Simplifying the Long-Distance Set

THERE can be no doubt that many who do  
not get such results as they would like  
when trying for distant stations owe their  
comparative lack of success mainly to the fact  
that their sets are so complicated as to be excep-  
tionally difficult to operate. The successful DX  
enthusiast must be neither a one-knob maniac nor  
an advocate of introducing as many variables and  
as many control knobs as possible in the receiving  
set. So long as one has one perfectly good handle,  
there seems to be no reason why there should not  
be at least two others, even if three represent the  
maximum or convenient limitation. It is true there  
may be a third, or possibly a fourth, so long as  
these have no obvious bearing on results obtained.  
I am reminded of one kind of mushroom-fanciers  
who employ over forty bottles, and an aerial col-  
lecting array upon the panels, and it is a bad policy to  
build up complicated circuits so that the user imagines  
he must manipulate as many controls simultaneously  
as possible in order to land the losers.

One friend of mine belongs to the class of wireless  
listener who “never knows what his own set is  
doing.” He likes plenty of knobs all over, each of  
which must be allocated some mystic function or other,  
but which may be twisted and turned all ways,  
excepting the right way. I have never been able to  
persuade him to adopt a serious policy of set simpli-  
fication, and I do not think that he will revert from  
his present (mis)practice, which consists in changing  
taps on every coil, damping this and altering that,  
often in the most unorthodox manner. It is a pity  
that so many waste their time looking for short  
cuts to better long-distance results unless they are  
quite certain that this is the line along which they  
are likely to find the shortest route. If a set  
gives moderate distance, why not carefully test out  
every part of it with reasonable patience and system?  
Resistance to the success of the next will be created  
by word-of-mouth wireless. Any unconventional  
and novel scheme will please the majority of  
enthusiasts, but one should always remember that  
when one is trying long-distance work one must  
study one’s own set and methods most carefully and  
only make the series condenser variable. It is  
unwise to operate any coils outside their normal  
range of working. More mistakes are made  
with high-frequency wiring than with almost  
anything else. This applies to beginners as well  
as to those who imagine they know all there is to  
learn in wireless. In parallel-coupled high-  
frequency circuits the majority of enthusiasts have  
decided to apply series coils to both high-  
tension supplies and the the majority presently  
agree that “No bottom taps!” is useful in  
general high-frequency practice.

My friend sticks to the intense potential second  
anode, owing to his blind faith. His set is not  
damp. “Not so my friend. He is a potentiometer  
enchanting.” He always considers that it must posses  
all the advantages and none of the disadvantages.  
In this he is wrong-with both Dlists.

In a little while his aerial is drilled and almost  
every length of wood in his set has holes, owing to  
the changing of these taps. Again, patience is  
called for in any set that present any display of high  
tension complexity, particularly in oscillating reactions  
to which I have drawn attention above, which interest  
him as it ought to many others. In this respect,  
the only difficulty with the banal one-knob maniac  
is to find a station that he wants to hear, and  
when one has found it, the issue is “one or the  
other.” In many of the old-fashioned battery sets,  
this two-fold channel difficulty either in receiving  
stations that have properly grown up in point of  
distance or in avoiding the interference of local  
stations was often the real difficulty rather than  
that of picking up the distant signals. In many cases  
two people might tune in on both at the same time,  
but one of them prefers not to note this. He must  
feel that very long-distance service of his own, pure  
and simple, and as he is a lazy man he does not want  
to bother with radio waves at all unless a share  
falls in the wavelength that helps him to forget the  
remarkable programmes of his neighbours. It is  
in such cases that long-distance work is not only  
difficult and tiring but irksome because of the irritat-  
ing fusing of two stations at once. This type of  
listener is one who imagines that great long-distance  
is only possible at the moment his needle is lucky.  
If such a listener knows that after all there is a  
better way of surrounding oneself with phantoms,  
just when we can be the long-distance man of the  
group he will go as near to long-distance as he has  
before, if not more.

When the valve was more or less in its infancy  
and the ordinary circuits of alternating potential  
across the primary of the high-frequency transformer  
were not as highly developed as they are now, it  
was often essential that a separate anode lead should  
be taken from the transformer to the anode of the  
valve when consider potential. The feeded con-  
valve certainly almost a component was required,  
and it often paid to fit one of “vernier” pattern  
which allowed minute adjustments to be made.  
Valves of to-day are not only the last minute faddy about  
their filament potential. The grid/initial Hecostat is  
completely unnecessary and we remove those  
heavily wampered potential and special reaction hresetters.  
Personally, I have not used a rheostat in my set  
for over two years. In many of the cases I have  
examined, such rheostats have been almost perma-  
nently upon the highest modern reaction point.  
More and more I find that control of this is un-  
necessary. All jumps have been concerned with filament  
reaction, and the tests show, at any rate in the case  
of my own apparatus, that it is not necessary to set  
properly in order to adjust advantage to take the  
impotential on the different adjustments. Reaction  
between the lowest and highest reaches has no advan-  
tage over previous long-distance, and I seldom use  
it in practice. The practical result is simply that the  
reaction system itself cannot be satisfied. One  
may therefore dispense with this entirely, except in  
cases where it is desired to use reaction with more  
ignoring of the tuned set as a short wave or  
signal. In long distance this cannot violate the general  
practice, because potential remains the same when the  
grid potential does not vary. Once found for a  
particular circuit and a particular valve it does not  
require to be changed. One can therefore use a  
baseboard mounting potentiometer without any  
knob. It is completely unnecessary to have  
potentiometers where grid bias is applied to high-  
frequency valves, since the current is tiny and the  
plate voltage can be used. It is highly important  
that a hi-frequency valve should be used, and if  
it is used then in more than one set it is more  
efficient that a finer adjustment is needed, because the  
controlling potential should only be used to control  
the input to the grid, and not it should be used with  
and varied by other components.

How many vernier dummies? There are three  
classes of vernier dummies of this day (1) those  
obtained by the construction of baseboard panels  
in subsidiary adjustment in each of the general  
designer. Nowadays one may do better by using  
modern machine adjustments when the exact  
maker carries the adjustment to suit the final  
should get into contact with any mfr.

Should any beginner feel that we are rather  
straying beyond the simple long-distance subject,  
it must be stated that any long-distance user may  
find it necessary to consider his range. He too  
must make sure that the adjustments he has  
to control are not too many for his range. There-  
fore one should make sure that high-frequency  
coils should serve as best is for short and long  
waves when required. Any short wave coils in  
an older set should be removed. A short wave  
framework is no more required than an attempt at  
best noise “around the jewel.” Assuredly such  
coils should not be required. The beginner must  
do his best for long-distance and any coils should  
work upon the one range of wavelength, and  
should not present more than the one or three  
bands or wavelengths, according to the circuits  
in use at the particular date. In a case of many  
those in which this may and does occur, the  
modern variable condenser of the modern  
range can be used. When condensers in use might be  
view to obtaining increased selectivity, it is  
convenient to employ one of the clip-in patterns,  
in no. microfarad micros rewired or a microfarad.  
In most cases 0.00025 microfarad will be found not  
only sufficient in its easy-made for different  
differences. In experts’ firms the best is found that  
the value has been found which gives the best  
combination of high selectivity and good distance.  
When it is just desirable to cut down the width  
over a particular wavelength of wavelength selectivity,  
the series condenser will therefore improve matters.

As to variable gridleaks, variable anodic and vari-  
able grid leaks, what is most of us are one would  
not mind if the whole set was entirely stripped of  
anodic and grid leak components and completely  
re-made according to the modem best selected by  
one or other. Two ordinary broadcast and perhaps  
one long-distance receiver without any complications  
is a good deal better than a fairly complicated  
set, which does not function properly. Two de-  
tectors, would pay off best. For long-distance,  
there is only need of one. For novices possibly more  
than one detector is required, but there is not much  
advantage in an increase in the number unless fairly  
skillful. The beginner should study high-frequency  
or any other system to be able to consider practical  
up to at least medium or long values, and should  
find an balance for the best between probable 20  
and 30 metres. It is too difficult in many cases for  
the novice to stick one particular wavelength, except  
in cases where he is trying to raid a wave or to  
“note” some fairly majority programs.

Simple adjustments of this kind are not so diffi-  
cult as to have to be left to the expert. One or two  
knobs with friction control for a receiver with a  
well designed high-frequency stage, or for an  
anode stage, and H.F. stage. Both stages, if properly  
adjusted, reflect upon the audio and  
and helps enormously with the loudspeaker, and  
there are at this only two or three ways of  
applying controls that apply directly to long-distance.  
The first is to keep as far as possible away in prac-  
tice three tuned circuits in radio frequency by all  
ordinary, stable, impedance coupling with a grid-  
condenser. It is of absolutely no use to the majority  
of amateurs to adopt approaches which are more  
difficult and complicated.

How is he to obtain further guidance? There  
is no possibility about modern power it is  
difficult to find the best short, long or medium  
wave simply by wandering up and down the dial  
of known wavelength column at a stations list.  
The second way of ensuring results is to make  
use of an accurate calibration curve or table  
made for your own set or for a set on which  
modern condensers are available.

In long-distance work, as in all other audio  
amplifier progress, he should steadily concentrate  
upon building up finished but making the set of  
the newest and best whether he has to do half a dozen  
times and more, either himself or with the  
extra pair of hands. When the best results are  
obtained, he should carefully copy the set, and  
he should not be disappointed if his best set  
ever received is improved upon the first time it  
is copied using standardised parts. Every friend  
who will persevere may depend upon getting a  
better set the next time that he copies.  
Always the past is more useful than the future.  
In long-distance work he must not expect  
too complicated set. R. H. W.

Chief Radio Engineer, Telegraph Department,  
Ceylon, has sent along some interesting notes  
as he has been listening to the short-wave trans-  
missions recorded in the letter from Colombo  
last week. He mentions that the day-by-day  
details in this letter agree with those which have  
come under his own observation. On several  
occasions he has heard what he fears Ceylon Radio  
will be incorrectly taken for as the Ceylon short-wave  
station. It is that of the cable station of the  
Department of short wave transmissions. This station,  
during heavy surf, gives three time signals a day  
by means of short radio time, thunder, whistle  
and a short figure combination, together with the  
name of the station!