Northerner: CONTINUING from the point at which I finished my last report, I have received telegraphic information from Australia which would indicate that the times of transmission on short waves from Sydney do not appear to be at all regular, and are made only when conditions are good.

Northerner: This is not very clear, nor is the intimation that such broadcasts are not quite interna­ tional but might be addressed, one must assume, to only any Sydney friends asking that he might listen in, although one can only presume he is only too late to be included in my previous logs.

Northerner: At 3.0, I have heard the varying strengths of 3L0, I believe, which never varied very much in volume or signal strength or interference.

Northerner: On the last occasion, a note of interest is that the announcer read out at length from Sydney in the past any number of items.

Northerner: I have heard the Dutch transmission from Hilversum, but PCJJ, by Deard's Lindstroms, very good indeed, including good German from an American and his girl friend, were great.

Northerner: Over at 11.0 p.m. (approx.), I found 5CL at Adelaide doing very good work.

Northerner: At 10.30, I heard 2FC at Sydney, on 603 metres, carried through a relay at 2BL.

Northerner: There were other relays at KDKA and WGY which were also relaying 2FC, the first on 947 metres and the other on 379 metres, and indeed, there was a little interference.

Northerner: I have noticed 2BL at 462 metres which was good, but not up to 2FC, and I am inclined to think the two stations, KDKA and WGY, were not relaying on that particular occasion.

Northerner: 2FC is the more powerful of the two stations, and it was evident that WGY was relaying a 2FC programme, not 2BL, but I could not get the call-signs, and in each case 2FC was better.

Northerner: I am inclined to think it is 4YA at Dunedin which I heard, not 3YA at Christchurch, as the frequency was so much closer to that of 2FC, and I do not think there is any doubt that it was 4YA which I heard.

Northerner: The Australian programmes are very good, with excellent music, and at 10.45 I heard 2FC again which must have come up in strength.

Northerner: Returning to 2FC, I have heard it work evidently on 2000 miles and very much farther than that, that is to say, in England and round about.

Northerner: For some reason, however, there are only a few nights in each month in which they can get through, and this I have found by careful logging every night.

Northerner: 6CB has been received for two years at such times, and generally weaker than 2FC and 4YA, but at times as strong as the last named.

Northerner: I have heard 6CB at Tasmania several times, and on one occasion they were relaying the 2FC broadcast of a Test Match and talking a good deal, and it was possibly 4YA relaying 6CB.

Northerner: In this way, I suppose, they hoped to get a complete reception over the whole of the Commonwealth.

Northerner: 6CB, therefore, was evidently relaying, in the early days, 2FC, or if not, 2BL, and the time I heard them, they were relaying the KDKA relay of 2FC.

Northerner: I have recently heard 2FC relayed from KFI on a slightly shorter wavelength, of roughly 650 metres; DF's at KFI (Los Angeles) were very good, with others of the same nature, but I am quite sure there were no local stations on at the time to interfere.

Northerner: WJZ is not such a good relayer of 2FC, but is usually excellent, relaying WEAF in the same way.

Northerner: I heard 2FC at 10.30 on 603 metres by direct transmission on a crystal detector, not once, but twice, and by 2BL at the same time by both relay and direct, the latter on 462 metres.

Northerner: KDKA, otherwise, was relaying Australian concerts and news; and I have received KFI on 469 metres relaying the Sydney concert.

Northerner: I have heard 3YA and 4YA at Dunedin which, in the early days, were considered to be only 2FC relays, but in recent times they have had a distinct identity of their own.

Northerner: I have not heard WJZ relaying Australian stations, but WEAF, on 492 metres, has often done so.

Northerner: Another point of interest is that I have heard jazz from KFI and other American stations which were actually relaying music from England.

Northerner: I have heard WEAF relaying, on several occasions, music from 2FC and 2BL, including occasionally, the London "Studio Clock".

Northerner: Although I have heard 2FC and 2BL relayed from several American stations, I have never actually logged them by call-sign, except KFI at Los Angeles, WJZ once, and WEAF on several occasions.

Northerner: I have heard 2FC and 2BL on direct transmission, and I have heard other Australian stations very weakly, without any echoes.