Interference!

AT 5.48 p.m. to the minute the front door bell
pealed twice. As I was standing in the
hall, I opened the door. It was Huggins—
his third visit this week. The fact that I had told
him twice that I was drivingly busy had in no
way deterred him from calling again. Huggins,
you may remember, is a neighbour of mine. He is
a radio friend of the type which spends most of its
time in twirling the condenser of an anemic othe-
valver with fierce reaction on each serial, with the
result that his howls, chirps and whistles make the
nights—our radio nights—hideous. And yet I am
assured that he is loved by his family and his deaf
Aunt Martha.

I tried to infuse some warmth into my welcome.
‘Ah ! Huggins,” I said as breezily as I could.
“Come right inside. What’s the trouble ? ”

“It started again,” he replied in a husky voice,
“that noise will drive me mad.”

“Your noises,” I retorted, as I ushered him into
my study. “I have already driven the neighbourhood
crazy,” he said.

“This,” said Huggins, sententiously, “is not
mine this time. Not the reaction. Hear it.” He
slid a sheaf of forms from his pocket.

“ ‘On March 19, from 7.36 until 7.43 p.m. G.M.T.,‘ ”
(he is anything precise) “ ‘I was unable to use
the set on account of a local hum coupled with a
persistent buzz and crackle.’ ”

“Yes. You told me that last time. How old is
this battery by now? ” I asked.

“Nearly a month old,” he said.

Totally unconcerned, Huggins continued : “ On
the 19th, 21st, 22nd, 23rd, between 10.30, and
11.45 p.m., there was a similar interference, though
more often than not of a few minutes’ duration
with short intervals of silence. Yesterday morning
during the hour 4–5 the reception became im-
possible. What is it ? Can you explain it ? ”

I asked him if he had experienced trouble from
bomb drops with continual intervals from static.

“Yes,” said Huggins. “Often and long. How old is
this battery ? ” he said.

I had been hoping that if his own mental
suffering would become a chronic one, thus clearing
the ether in the neighbourhood to the benefit of all
wireless listeners. But the call of—shall I say
Science ?—was too strong. Besides, if the trouble
was of a local nature, I might also be affected in the
same way.

I went back with Huggins. On a table in his
dining-room lay a brand new four-valver,
connected up to a loud-speaker. It was emitting a
long-drawn-out crackling hum.

“Is this the guilty party ? ” I asked, as I switched off
the “high tension battery.” “Is this the intrument
which during the last few evenings has caused a
splashing of teeth and echoed volleys of vulgar
epithets from otherwise peaceable citizens of this
highly respectable residential district ? ”

“I took it,” he answered. “I take it to mowble that
it must be,” he said. I started to disembowel that
receiver. I carefully examined every wire, every
connection, every component. When I had reasem-
bled that instrument to my own satisfaction I
found the noise had disappeared (although this
did not explain who had created it at intervals).

“Just listen to me, Huggins,” I said, taking him
a little distance. “Though we hear a further buzz
we shall disconnect the set.” Then I detected
the sound I had been dreading. In a flash, I
took the spring cleaning disord which reigned
upstairs.

“Now answer me straighteningly,” you are
never when heve had anything you say will be taken
down and used in evidence against you. Have you
heard that buzz? If so when and where ? And
if not, why not?”

He took my arm and literally dragged me into
his best bedroom. As I entered, a buzz died away
into a crackle, inimitable some of the interference
account for itself.

“No worry ! ” I was surprised.

The cause was eventually solved four days later,
after I had returned from a visit across the local
hairdressing. I met him as huggins at his door. “Doc-
tor? ” he gasped. “Come inside, man.” he went there
has been a whole” shift while I have hear it. Yes,
Huggins has an electrical washing machine in his
bedroom. An Aunt Martha who, to avoid noise im-
ported from his parts used to be lady to indulge in
an Eton crop. What do you think ? Jay Coone.