CONDITIONS for reception have been very variable since I last gave a summary of last week's log.

(I think the most disappointing experience has been the effect of very considerable fading on the long-wave transmissions, in this country and on the Continent and America.) I have noticed this trouble on all the stations operating between, say, 1,000 and 2,000 metres, not excluding 5 XX, but I can say that, apart from that, R.5XX has had no fading as far as I can see, since it opened full time on Hurlingham, even though the “shelf” would suffer in the same way shortly afterwards, from conversational work transmitted thereon. I have even known the Hurlingham transmissions fade while 5XX was not so badly affected, so that the local fault, if it existed, was not to blame, and I can only conclude that this was due to the same causes, which had that temporary adverse effect.

Apart from these comments I do not think I can say that there was any outstanding incident to this past week’s programme. Daventry and a number of other stations relayed events in connection with the Highland Sports at Braemar. This, perhaps, was the most remote item relay received, and it was very appropriate that the relay should be taken from “Gaeldom’s Capital.” I say this because last Thursday I took a summary of those societies which have been formed to encourage and propagate Highland music and literature by the wireless and recorded sound.

Two or three readers have taken me a little bit too seriously when I mentioned that I was adopting the Fri-Mon method of counting the listening week. The fact is that I do put in a little log work as a rule on Thursday nights and very occasionally on Sundays. The fact is that I have sometimes found Sunday not worth while logging, because of the amount of local interference experienced in some places, and, certainly the Saturday S.O.S. for stations is a thing of the past. It must also be remembered that, whereas London newspapers used to find a place for Saturday night wireless programmes, they are now cold on the subject and do not give the programmes, salary cuts having resulted in the wholesale sacking of wireless correspondents and the extent of detail in wireless programmes having been cut.

There is not very much that is new on long waves this past week, as far as I am concerned. I can only mention EOA1, mostly transmitting on the wave of 2,650 metres. I have indicated this in the log as an American station, but which one I do not know. The interval signal, EOA, was being sent in good daylight, and my big clue was in the visit of a typical Yankee tenor, who sang in English. I could make nothing of a severe announcement which came later.

I am indebted to a Welsh correspondent for his information about XRG on 628 metres. He states that he would be sending out notes of local events on this wave then, whenever rebroadcasting to the chain, but I have no confirmation of the precise nature of the programme at other times on this wavelength, beyond what I could make out at this end, and I know station music is moderately good.

In the following notes I have tried to keep technical matters to a minimum, and to put the stations rather roughly into line with the “school report” method, so that this might help the new listener.

Retzstedehn has been the outstanding beacon of the station, and has continued to come on during the long winter nights, to put over a last quarter-hour of broadcast, as well as their own regular programmes. I have been impressed with the greater volume of their long-distance transmissions and also with the success of the chain as a rule, although there have been some nights when the British relay has been audible whilst the Continental chain has not.

I can put about 50 as the average number of stations heard, but they vary considerably in frequency in any one week. London and all the B.B.C. stations are heard regularly, as is, of course, the Australian on 2,150 metres, and the Argentine relay on 2,020 metres. In the one great head of long-distance reception on medium waves, that I am concerned with, is Paris. I feel quite sure that a fair proportion of readers have been able to hear them on the smallest loud speaker at some time or other.

On 384 metres, the convenient short wave of the Italian National Concert works out at just about one wave and the next. In this way I have found it fairly easy to hear them over several nights, and entirely clear of Frankfurt.