Switchback A.: (1) Cassel (a lady announcer); (2) Vienna (Rosenhuegel). On September 16, 1927, The Vagabonds (an operetta by C. M. Ziehrer); (3) Koenigsberg (Chess lesson); (4) Regret, cannot trace; (5) Malmoe, relaying news and weather from Stockholm; (6) possibly Dortmund, relaying Langenberg; (7) same as (6); (8) Hanover, relaying concert from Café Continental; (9) Rome. Interval signal: two bells of different tones; (10) Petit Parisien; (11) PTT Toulouse; (12) Not in programmes, but possibly Seville (EAJ5); (13) Radio Vitus, Paris (Cabaret Montmartrois); (14) Berlin (Witzleben).
Derik (Guildford): Yes, Madrid (EAJ7).
Dog (Manchester): (1) Koenigsberg English lesson, followed by weather report and a concert of Sonatas by Bach; (2) Hanover, relaying Hamburg; (3) PTT, Marseilles; (4) Milan relaying the opera Aïda (Verdi) from Theatre. Altered programme.
Selenite: (1) Possibly French aerodrome; (2) Yes, Moscow Comintern (RDW); (3) Yes, Norddeich (weather report).
Black Eagle (Hastings): Regret, cannot trace.
Derf (Yorks): Motala, relaying Stockholm. See programme in World-Radio.
Curious (Dublin): Motala, relaying Stockholm. A concert of popular operetta selections and Swedish songs.
Wireles Johney: (1) Radio Toulouse. (2) Stuttgart. The Pearl (a farce in one act by Max Heye).
2 Valver (Belfast): If your estimate of WL is correct, this was Hamburg, relaying concert from the Winterhuder Fahrhaus.
M.A. (St. Briac): Augsburg, relaying Munich.
Portsmouth: Copenhagen, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb.
W.H.T.M. (Deal): (1) Kalundborg, relaying Trio Tea concert from Copenhagen. (2) Brussels, relaying dance music from the Palais de Danse St. Saveur.
Long Waves: (1) Yes, Norddeich (weather report). (2) Yes, Hamburg; (3) Regret, cannot trace, as you do not state at what time you heard this transmission.
Knight of the Cat’s Whisker: Yes, Langenberg, relaying from Dortmund until midnight.
Bunny (Reigate): Breslau.
Reykjavik (Newark): (a) Goeteborg relaying concert of Swedish songs from Stockholm; (b) Trondhjem (Norway), 243.9 m. (5 kw).
Cheltonian (Liverpool): Marseilles PTT.
Girdle (New Barnet): This was Kalundborg (apparently altered programme).
Searcher (Caterham): Regret, we cannot trace, as so many stations on a WL below that of 2LO were giving dance music at that time, and your estimated WL is too vague to identify transmitter.
W. J. Gillott (Birmingham): (1) regret, can trace no station on about 500 m. giving an outside relay at that time; (2) Langenberg, relaying dance music from Cologne.
Rock Fire (Lewes): (a) Leipzig, relaying Berlin; (b) possibly Breslau; (c) Hanover, relaying concert from the Café Continental; (d) Dortmund, relaying Langenberg; (e) Prague.
A. S. M. (Alford): (1) Moscow Comintern (RDW); (2) rather vague, if on that WL possibly the Dutch Meteorological station at Soesterberg.
Amorphous Q: (1) French amateur, 8TS, Colombes (Seine); (2) amateur transmitter, but cannot trace call sign; (3) your estimated WL is apparently wrong; 2X AF, the short wave transmitter of WGY (Schenectady) on 32.77 m.
One Valve (Dover): We know of no French telephony station on a WL between 1,000 and 1,200 m.
Broadcat (Tunbridge Wells): Your estimate of WL is wrong; this was Cork (400 m.).
A. Campbell, Jnr. (Manchester): This was
Spencer: Details are rather vague, but possibly Hamburg, which was relaying a concert from the Winterhuder Fährhaus at that time.
Fingey (Dover): This would appear to be a transmission from an aerodrome, possibly on 1,400 m., in which case, in view of your position, either Saint Inglevert or Le Bourget.
E. D. D. (Edinburgh): Milan, relaying opera, Aïda (Verdi) from Theatre. Altered programme.
W. R. G. (Barnsley): Vienna (Rosenhuegel). Interval signal: ticking of metronome.
Siegfried (Wylde Green): Arbutus (Sanderstead): PTT Marseilles, relaying through PTT Paris, the banquet given in honour of the delegates of the American Legion at the Hotel du Palais d’Orsay.
Cedar (Liverpool): This was a relay, via PTT Paris, of a banquet given in honour of the delegates of the American Legion at the Hôtel du Palais d’Orsay. Possibly you heard this through PTT Lille on 286m.
G. M. Large (King’s Lynn): Regret, cannot trace, we know of no transmitter that cannot be cleared from both Daventry stations.
C. R. H. (Leacombe): Hamburg, relaying concert from the Winterhuder Fahrhaus.
Agapanthus (Guernsey): Warsaw, relaying concert from Cracow. (In the interval, Press notes.) Announcements are sometimes made in French, English and German, as well as Polish.
Bunny (R 3): Yes, Bruenn (own concert).
Linguist (Wanstead): Kalundborg relaying concert of popular music from Copenhagen. Marsch des 112 Regiments (Lehár).
Tim (W. 12): Barcelona (EAJ1).
2 Valver (Belfast): Yes, Naples; concert of opera music.
Solodyne Three (Cowes, I.W.): Yes, if your estimated WL is correct, this was Radio LL, Paris, giving an orchestral concert at that time.
Blacktop (Bradford): Frankfurt-on-Main (gramophone records).
Withypool: Your estimated WL is vague, but possibly Huizen, (Holland), which is testing on about 1,870 m.
Xip (N.W. 11): A relay, via PTT Paris, of a banquet given in honour of the delegates of the American Legion at the Hotel du Palais d’Orsay. Possibly you heard this through PTT Toulouse.
Iarskyu: Moscow Comintern (RDW). Special bulletins broadcast for the benefit of men’s clubs and rest houses. They are read slowly in order to allow transcription to be made of the news.
A.D.A.F. (Ilford): Yes, Leipzig, relaying concert from the Winterrestaurant des Hauptbahnhofes until midnight.
J.A.P.R. (Moreton): Yes, Leningrad (about 1,000 m.). Possibly relaying from Moscow.
Iarskyu: Moscow Comintern (RDW).
A.D.A.F. (Ilford): Yes, Leipzig, relaying concert from the Weinrestaurant des Hauptbahnhofes until midnight.
J.A.P.R. (Moreton): Yes Leningrad (about 1,000 m.). Possibly relaying from Moscow Comintern.
Family Four (Chiswick): If your estimated WL. is correct, this was Oslo, possibly relaying Bergen, which was giving an English lesson at that time.
Charlie (Essex): Langenberg, relaying concert from the Handelshof, Essen, until midnight.
Midnight Oil (Sutton Coldfield): A relay from les Invalides, via PTT Paris, of the banquet given by the French ex-Service men in honour of the American Legion in memory of their fallen.
M.E.Y. (Chester): We can trace no station on about 1,100 m. which advertised the relay of Il Trovatore at that time, but if your WL. is correct, possibly Warsaw—altered programme.
Stability (S.E.5): A relay from les Invalides, via PTT Paris, of the banquet given by the French ex-Service men, in honour of the American Legion. Possibly you heard this through PTT Lille.
F. H. Ahen (Lowestoft): Lille PTT, relaying, via PTT Paris, the banquet given by the American Legion to the President of the Republic, at the Hotel Continental. Speeches were made by the French President, M. Georges Leygues, French Minister of the Navy, and M. Paul Painlevé, War Minister.
Mac (Saltley): Eiffel Tower, relaying, via PTT Paris, the banquet offered to the President of the Republic, by the American Legion, see previous reply.
Achtung! Achtung! (South Yardley): PTT Marseilles, relaying, via PTT Paris, the banquet given by the American Legion in honour of the President of the Republic, at the Hotel Continental.
J.B. Jnr. (Kingsbury): PTT Paris relayed speeches from the banquet given by the French ex-Service men in honour of the American Legion, at les Invalides. Your estimated WL. is very vague, but possibly you heard this through PTT Marseilles.
La Sata (Malvern): PTT Paris, relaying from the Hotel Continental, the banquet offered to the President of the Republic by the American Legion. See reply to Allen (Lowestoft).
YTTKI (Clitheroe): Apparently Kalundborg relaying Copenhagen. Service not in programmes, but details tally with quintet transmission.
Interested (Grindleford): Cannot trace these items in any published programmes.
Neutrodyne (Dorking): (1) No, EAJ3 is the call-sign of Cadiz; possibly EAJ1. (2) A private transmitter at Guadalajara (Spain) on 32.6 m.; (2) Cannot trace; would appear to be a French amateur transmitter; (3) possibly Eindhoven (Holland) but this station did not advertise a programme for that evening.
No Name: (1) Copenhagen relaying dance music from Restaurant Nimb; (2) Radio-Lyons.
Triode (Fleet): Oslo.
Modulator (Ludlow): Eiffel Tower relaying from PTT Paris, a commentary on French motor-cycle races.
Miles Short-Wave 2 (Eastbourne): Cannot trace; your details are too vague. We do not think this is 2ME on account of the time at which you heard the transmission.
Withypool: (2) We should certainly think that this establishes a record.
Cheltonian: Your wavelength appears to be wrong, possibly a Swedish relay of the Stockholm programme which terminated at about that time.
Sapis Rotundo (Plumstead): Cannot trace; your limits cover too many stations on that band.
Grafan Habebo (Wigan): (1) Cracow; (2) Radio-Paris (Paris); (3) Possibly Lille but not advertised in programmes; (4) No, not to our knowledge; its wavelength has remained constant; (5) 2JS is the call sign of a Leicester private transmitter; (6) cannot trace; call-sign, if correct, would be that of a Belgian amateur transmitter.
Marshall (Levenshulme): We cannot confirm that you heard a transmission from Carthagena, but your W/L, time and details would point to this transmitter.
Demster (Dorking): Yes, Stuttgart relayed a shortwave transmission of the Dempsey-Tunney fight and re-broadcast it on its usual wavelength.
Clifford (Bexhill): Hamburg, relaying a concert from Hotel Continental, Hanover.
R.H.D. (Bamford): A relay by PTT, Paris, of Speeches made at the Banquet given at the Hotel des Invalides, Paris, by French ex-Service men to delegates of the American Legion. Was transmitted by most of the PTT stations. You heard this broadcast from Lille.
Positive Terminal (Blackrock): Yes, Moscow Komintern, giving news bulletins slowly in order that transcription may be made of each item; see reply to Iarskyu.