Iarskyu: Moscow Comintern (RDW).

A.D.A.F. (Ilford): Yes, Leipzig, relaying concert from the Weinrestaurant des Hauptbahnhofes until midnight.

J.A.P.R. (Moreton): Yes Leningrad (about 1,000 m.). Possibly relaying from Moscow Comintern.

Family Four (Chiswick): If your estimated WL. is correct, this was Oslo, possibly relaying Bergen, which was giving an English lesson at that time.

Charlie (Essex): Langenberg, relaying concert from the Handelshof, Essen, until midnight.

Midnight Oil (Sutton Coldfield): A relay from les Invalides, via PTT Paris, of the banquet given by the French ex-Service men in honour of the American Legion in memory of their fallen.

M.E.Y. (Chester): We can trace no station on about 1,100 m. which advertised the relay of Il Trovatore at that time, but if your WL. is correct, possibly Warsaw—altered programme.

Stability (S.E.5): A relay from les Invalides, via PTT Paris, of the banquet given by the French ex-Service men, in honour of the American Legion. Possibly you heard this-through PTT Lille.

F. H. Ahen (Lowestoft): Lille PTT, relaying, via PTT Paris, the banquet given by the American Legion to the President of the Republic, at the Hotel Continental. Speeches were made by the French President, M. Georges Leygues, French Minister of the Navy, and M. Paul Painlevé, War Minister.

Mac (Saltley): Eiffel Tower, relaying, via PTT Paris, the banquet offered to the President of the Republic, by the American Legion, see previous reply.

Achtung! Achtung! (South Yardley): PTT Marseilles, relaying, via PTT Paris, the banquet given by the American Legion in honour of the President of the Republic, at the Hotel Continental.

J.B. Jnr. (Kingsbury): PTT Paris relayed speeches from the banquet given by the French ex-Service men in honour of the American Legion, at les Invalides. Your estimated WL. is very vague, but possibly you heard this thorough PTT Marseilles.

La Sata (Malvern): PTT Paris, relaying from the Hotel Continental, the banquet offered to the President of the Republic by the American Legion. See reply to Allen (Lowestoft).

YTTKI (Clitheroe): Apparently Kalundborg relaying Copenhagen. Service not in programmes, but details tally with quintet transmission.

Interested (Grindleford): Cannot trace these items in any.