Interested (Grindleford): Cannot trace these items in any published programmes.
Neutrodyne (Dorking): (1) No, EAJ3 is the call-sign of Cadiz; possibly EAJ1. (2) A private transmitter at Guadalajara (Spain) on 32.6 m.; (2) Cannot trace; would appear to be a French amateur transmitter; (3) possibly Eindhoven (Holland) but this station did not advertise a programme for that evening.
No Name: (1) Copenhagen relaying dance music from Restaurant Nimb; (2) Radio-Lyons.
Triode (Fleet): Oslo.
Modulator (Ludlow): Eiffel Tower relaying from PTT Paris, a commentary on French motor-cycle races.
Miles Short-Wave 2 (Eastbourne): Cannot trace; your details are too vague. We do not think this is 2ME on account of the time at which you heard the transmission.
Withypool: (2) We should certainly think that this establishes a record.
Cheltonian: Your wavelength appears to be wrong, possibly a Swedish relay of the Stockholm programme which terminated at about that time.
Sapis Rotundo (Plumstead): Cannot trace; your limits cover too many stations on that band.
Grafan Habebo (Wigan): (1) Cracow; (2) Radio-Paris (Paris); (3) Possibly Lille but not advertised in programmes; (4) No, not to our knowledge; its wavelength has remained constant; (5) 2JS is the call sign of a Leicester private transmitter; (6) cannot trace; call-sign, if correct, would be that of a Belgian amateur transmitter.
Marshall (Levenshulme): We cannot confirm that you heard a transmission from Carthagena, but your W/L, time and details would point to this transmitter.
Demster (Dorking): Yes, Stuttgart relayed a shortwave transmission of the Dempsey-Tunney fight and re-broadcast it on its usual wavelength.
Clifford (Bexhill): Hamburg, relaying a concert from Hotel Continental, Hanover.
R.H.D. (Bamford): A relay by PTT, Paris, of Speeches made at the Banquet given at the Hotel des Invalides, Paris, by French ex-Service men to delegates of the American Legion. Was transmitted by most of the PTT stations. You heard this broadcast from Lille.
Positive Terminal (Blackrock): Yes, Moscow Komintern, giving news bulletins slowly in order that transcription may be made of each item; see reply to Iarskyu.