```
Spencer: Details are rather vague, but possibly Hamburg, which was relaying a concert from the Winterhuder Fährhaus at that time.
Fingey (Dover): This would appear to be a transmission from an aerodrome, possibly on 1,400 m., in which case, in view of your position, either Saint Inglevert or Le Bourget.
E. D. D. (Edinburgh): Milan, relaying opera, Aïda (Verdi) from Theatre. Altered programme.
W. R. G. (Barnsley): Vienna (Rosenhuegel). Interval signal: ticking of metronome.
Siegfried (Wylde Green): Arbutus (Sanderstead): PTT Marseilles, relaying through PTT Paris, the banquet given in honour of the delegates of the American Legion at the Hotel du Palais d’Orsay.
Cedar (Liverpool): This was a relay, via PTT Paris, of a banquet given in honour of the delegates of the American Legion at the Hôtel du Palais d’Orsay. Possibly you heard this through PTT Lille on 286m.
G. M. Large (King’s Lynn): Regret, cannot trace, we know of no transmitter that cannot be cleared from both Daventry stations.
C. R. H. (Leacombe): Hamburg, relaying concert from the Winterhuder Fahrhaus.
Agapanthus (Guernsey): Warsaw, relaying concert from Cracow. (In the interval, Press notes.) Announcements are sometimes made in French, English and German, as well as Polish.
Bunny (R 3): Yes, Bruenn (own concert).
Linguist (Wanstead): Kalundborg relaying concert of popular music from Copenhagen. Marsch des 112 Regiments (Lehár).
Tim (W. 12): Barcelona (EAJ1).
2 Valver (Belfast): Yes, Naples; concert of opera music.
Solodyne Three (Cowes, I.W.): Yes, if your estimated WL is correct, this was Radio LL, Paris, giving an orchestral concert at that time.
Blacktop (Bradford): Frankfurt-on-Main (gramophone records).
Withypool: Your estimated WL is vague, but possibly Huizen, (Holland), which is testing on about 1,870 m.
Xip (N.W. 11): A relay, via PTT Paris, of a banquet given in honour of the delegates of the American Legion at the Hotel du Palais d’Orsay. Possibly you heard this through PTT Toulouse.
Iarskyu: Moscow Comintern (RDW). Special bulletins broadcast for the benefit of men’s clubs and rest houses. They are read slowly in order to allow transcription to be made of the news.
A.D.A.F. (Ilford): Yes, Leipzig, relaying concert from the Winterrestaurant des Hauptbahnhofes until midnight.
J.A.P.R. (Moreton): Yes, Leningrad (about 1,000 m.). Possibly relaying from Moscow.
```