Juggins (Plumstead): An amateur transmission, but cannot trace as you give no call sign.  
Keen (Middlesbrough): Koenigsberg. Sonatas for violin and piano.  
Bruno (Southport): Madrid (EAJ7).  
Ariel (Sheffield): Cannot trace any programme which would tally with your details.  
S. Berlin (Northampton): Yes, Koenigs Wusterhausen, relaying from the Grosses Schauspielhaus at Berlin.  
P. H. E. (Bristol): Apparently WGY (Schenectady).  
Nutro (Belfast): No, this was Hamburg, the early morning broadcast of news and weather, with gramophone records in the intervals.  
Two Valve (Callington): Cannot trace call sign.  
Akousa (Hassocks): Yes, Radio-Paris; the programme was slightly altered.  
Golden Bay (Clovelly): Copenhagen testing (gramophone records).  
Seaside (Cornwall): One of the call-signs used by the telegraphy transmitter at Nauen (Germany).  
Myra Gray (Pontefract): We regret that we cannot trace, as your estimate of WL. is too vague, and dial readings do not help unless they are much more definite; in our opinion this might be a relay of either Hamburg, Frankfurt, or Berlin, with which the times would agree.  
Aces (Ilford): Information regarding this station is very scanty, and we regret that we are unable to give you the call signs, as you are aware; during these tests many wavelengths are used.  
Valvular One (Catherham): Yes, this would appear to be Zeesen (Germany), testing.  
M. Bloom (Sheffield): (1) Moscow Comintern (RDW), (2) cannot trace any advertised transmission on about that WL. which would tally with your details. Apparently a test.  
Veterinorum (Swindon): (1) It is very difficult to estimate WL. from your condenser readings, but possibly Frankfurt, which was giving dance music until 11.30 p.m. (G.M.T.) and may have taken some outside broadcast. (2) Motala, relaying church service from Stockholm.  
E. K. Spiegelhalter (Malton): A coupon must be sent with each enquiry; we cannot possibly estimate wavelengths from your condenser readings.  
Heston H.: We believe this to be San Sebastian, which closes down with "Good Night" in several languages.  
Knob Turner (Kent): (1) Details rather vague, but might tally with PTT Paris; (2) Breslau (gramophone records).  
Frank Linsley (Nr. Lincoln): If your WL. is correct, yes, WEAF (New York), but cannot confirm as programmes for this station are not available; Aberdeen was relaying a church service at that time.  
Jimmy (Ealing): 4RE amateur; cannot trace.  
E. M. Edward (Finchley): Possibly harmonic of 5GB.