Spain (Kent): This was a relay of the French Football Cup Final from the Colombes Stadium, by PTT Paris and the Petit Parisien. Possibly you received this through the latter station on 340 m.
Mercy (York): (a) Gleiwitz (250 m.) relaying Beethoven concert from Breslau; (b) Cassel relaying Frankfort-on-Main (gramophone records); (c) Scheveningen-Haven, Holland, News only; (d) Same station as (c).
Etudiante (Edinburgh): Possibly Konvoo (2,000 m.).
Ellan Vannin (Isle of Man): WL must be wrong, can trace no station between Warsaw and Sorö.
Langholm: Warsaw (1,111 m.) relaying dance music from Hotel Bristol.
Low Tension (Hove): This was the French Football Cup Final relayed from the Colombes Stadium by PTT Paris (468 m.) and the Petit Parisien (340 m.). You received it through the latter station.
H. N. (Water Lane, Guist): Not Marseilles, but Radio Vitus (Paris), which was giving a gramophone concert at that time. Possibly on higher WL. Coupon must be sent with each enquiry.
J. Woods (Ireland): Motala (Swedish high power station on 1,304 m.) relaying Stockholm.
Hispano-Suiza (Edinburgh): Details are too vague, and you do not state what language, but if WL correct, possibly WLW (Cincinnati) 422.3 m., 5 kw.
Straight Fur (Manchester): Stockholm relaying short stories from Copenhagen, followed by news.
EA1 Wells: WL must be wrong; can trace no station between Koenigswusterhausen (1.250 m.) and Motala (1,304 m.).
Radio Fan (Pompey): As desired, reply to query 2 was posted to you direct; (1) Probably Salamanca; (3) Lille PTT relaying concert from Ecole Supérieure, Paris; (4) Possibly Bilbao your details are vague; (5) So far as we know there is no Spanish station on or near that WL; Cannot trace; (6) If you are sure that this was French, we cannot trace, as there is no French transmitter on that WL; the nearest one is Grenoble, PTT, on 350 m.
Schnell “V-1 (Liverpool): (1) You do not say what language was heard; if in English, possibly short-wave transmitter of WGY Schenectady; (2) must be an amateur transmission on this WL, but details given are too vague to identify.
S. W. C. 4: (1) Bremen relaying a concert from Alster Pavilion, Hamburg; (2) Frankfort-on-Main (gramophone records).
Dic Mihi (Bursledon): Madrid (EAJ7) relaying Russian Ballet from the Teatro del Liceo at Barcelona.
Sherstone (Northants): Gothenberg relaying dance music from Stockholm.
Egmont (Great Yarmouth): Yes, probably Berlin, but estimated wavelength given is rather vague.