Fudge (Folkestone): Cork on 400 metres, relaying programme from Dublin.

41161910 (Southsea): Identification Panel book; reply will be sent to you direct.

(2) Yes, Radio-Lyons relaying PTT Paris on 478 metres. It takes the bulk of its entertainments from the French capital, but transmits its own concerts at times.

2-Valve Gets 'um (E.9): Stuttgart relaying Baden-Baden Music Festival.

Teresa Evans (Fulham): We cannot answer your query as your letter was undated and we do not know to what "last evening's transmission" may refer. We are holding this enquiry over for further particulars from you.

J.W.B. (Malta): So far as we have been able to ascertain from reports received on this transmission, this was the new Belgrade station testing on about 1,650 metres. We take it that you would have recognised it had it been the Stamboul transmitter, as Turkish is no doubt familiar to you.

X (Belfast): This would tally with Berne, but we cannot confirm as the station did not advertise such a late transmission for that evening. We have no reports of any change in the Dublin wavelength; did you not hear Cork on 400 m.?

Tim (W.12): Please number your queries;

(1) Yes, Paris PTT on 461 metres;

(2) Oslo relaying dance music from Hotel Bristol on that city.

Uncertain (N.W.8): (1) No, Frankfurt, this was Langenberg's relay from the Café Kaiserhof at Muens-

ter;

(2) Madrid (EAJ7).

Tocsin (Sheffield): (1) Frankfurt-on-Main;

(2) Posen; own dance music from studio.

Trimworth: Estimated wavelength too vague, programme details too scanty; we regret we cannot trace.

Denton: (39) Apparently included in one of the B.B.C. station relays of a Church service, but we cannot identify transmitter;

(40) Not a Continental station, possibly Aberdeen.

Jack (Eastbourne): Apparently Warsaw on 1,111 m., but this special item not given in programmes.

O.W. (Kolden, Denmark): (1) Yes, whenever atmospheric conditions are favourable, B.B.C. relays WGY (Schenectady) via short-wave transmission every Tuesday evening. This relay is also taken at time stated by Daventry;

(2) We have had several reports with regard to this station, and are investigating.

Elterwater (Chelsea): No relay of a boxing match appeared in the programme for that date. We believe this was Lyons PTT giving a relay of the arrival of competitors in the Tour de France Cycle Races. This transmission was reported by many readers.

W.F.M. (Balham); G.R. B. (Wallington); Listener (Brighton): The item does not appear in any programmes, but this would tally with a relay by Lyons PTT of the arrival of competitors in the Tour de France Cycle Races.