Patience (Aylesbury): We presume that you mean mid-day. Details do not tally with the programmes of any official European broadcasting stations on or near that wavelength. Were these not gramophone records transmitted by an amateur experimenter?
2-Valve Neutrodyne (Higham Ferrers): Details are very scanty; we are inclined to believe that you heard a meteorological forecast from Norddeich (North Germany).
Reflex (Dudley): (1) Cannot trace on this wavelength; not a European station, (2) apparently WGY, Schenectady.
Rabbit (Luton): We cannot possibly answer your query; you do not say what you heard. Wavelength is also much too vague.
E. S. (Old Colwyn): (1) Item not in programmes, but would tally, in time, with transmission from Bruenn (Czecho-Slovakia) on 441 m., from Restaurant Rosenbreier, (2) we cannot trace these two items in any published programmes.
Beaulieu 5: We cannot definitely identify this transmitter, although from various reports received from readers, we believe that this must be the new Belgrade (Jugo-Slavia) station testing on about 1,650 metres. It is possible that in these cases the wavelength is somewhat shorter.
Bonnie Scotland: No, we do not know what Allo Easy means; it is too difficult to trace; (2) We cannot possibly give names and addresses of amateur transmitters in these columns.
Fudge (Folkestone): Cork on 400 metres, relaying programme from Dublin.
41161910 (Southsea): Identification Panel book; reply will be sent to you direct; (2) Yes, Radio-Lyons relaying PTT Paris on 478 metres. It takes the bulk of its entertainments from the French capital, but transmits its own concerts at times.
2-Valve Gets 'um (E. 9): Stuttgart relaying Baden-Baden Music Festival.
Teresa Evans (Fulham): We cannot answer your query as your letter was undated and we do not know to what "last evening’s transmission" may refer. We are holding this enquiry over for further particulars from you.
J.W.B. (Malta): So far as we have been able to ascertain from reports received on this transmission, this was the new Belgrade station testing on about 1,650 metres. We take it that you would have recognised had it been the Stamboul transmitter, as Turkish is no doubt familiar to you.
X (Belfast): This would tally with Berne, but we cannot confirm as the station did not advertise such a late transmission for that evening. We have no reports of any change in the Dublin wavelength; did you not hear Cork on 400 m.?
Tim (W.12): Please number your queries; (1) Yes, Paris PTT on 461 metres; (2) Oslo relaying dance music from Hotel Bristol.