XI.—Reaching Out.

I have before this indicated that "reaching out" for the sake of "getting" a station further away than anyone else has ever "got" one appears to me to be a sport of a kind having little bearing upon the art of broadcasting. I am the last to deny that it may be amusing and, like fishing, or maximum—even average—speeds on the road, a sport that cultivates the imagination to luxuriant growths. Liberty to do this "radio fishing" is in everyone's keeping, nor dare I have the impertinence to air any view that may clash with others so long as the radio fishers do not disturb the water for those who wish a tranquil enjoyment of what must be regarded as common property—the ether and space.

If you are a fisher, who dips in the stream and are as pleased to hook a rusty tin can as a trout, or if a weed is as attractive as a hard-fought salmon, at any rate go about your hobby so that your tin cans not splash so heavily as to disturb others who wish tranquilly to fish for one kind, and that kind in season.

The apparatus for fishing indiscriminately or with set purpose is, or ought to be, of great interest. I will give what, in the public interest, ought to be a fundamental principle underlying the design of all high-frequency short-wave sets.

The high frequency is the trouble, because all should be made so stable as to prevent any possibility of re-radiating by energising the aerial. The set should, in fact, be incapable of oscillating. It is unfortunate, but true, that this means both knowledge and expense, but in the public interest both qualities should be applied; the searcher-out should not economise at the expense of others. A loud-speaker, a motor car where one just does, a good aerial where an indoor one has sufficed, a better earth where gas mains have done service—all these things help.

The whole difficulties in the fact that instability nearly always arises in tuned circuits arranged in cascade, and this instability varies with tuning. The ordinary condenser attempts to cancel variable capacity effects, but unless properly applied it can introduce other stray effects which are as dangerous as those introduced with a straight-hard way.

I cannot sit down here and write out a perfect job of building up simply that is the stages. At present the basic circuit with two high frequency stages of amplification is a joy for the expert, and the mechanics who rush in copying diagrams and diagrams rather than for what they are, will quite ruin the "game" for the public, and in the end little of that in it. It is a job for the expert.

In America, where reaching out has its greatest vogue, there is probably less oscillation than in Britain, where 10 per cent. of masts. I should say, concentrate upon their local station. This the old way of home making by amateurs has given way to purchase from manufacturers, and manufacturers in their turn have realised that oscillation kills the goose that lays the golden eggs. I do not mean by this to despise or to sneer at amateurs or home constructors. I should feel no slight if the designer of a famous camera discouraged me in a friendly way from trying to make one no better and even for less money than that which I could buy. I am no expert in all sorts of lines. I could not make a gramophone or a motor cycle, or a perambulator. Why, then, should I expect others to be able to make a satisfactory high-frequency radio set?

I should not wish to be so discouraging if I could feel that the inevitable blunders did not react (that, by Jove! is the word) only upon the user, but unfortunately, his blunders react upon his friends and vexes in a circle of miles radius around him, just as if the home made camera distorted the features of those whose faces were in front of it or the motor cycle ran away and killed pedestrians, or the gramophone made the neighbourhood hideous with squawks and sizzling.

Of the types of set one can argue for ever, and the man writing cannot be too careful if he is in trouble with the makers of the rival set.

The tendency to use cold valves and gang control will often result in bad, how should perhaps be the wish of many a control. The experimenter, as the amateur, wants to boast, further in the interests of analysis, rather than to broadcast, where after all his essential aim should be to push out the sound into his local audience into the aerial. Such is the habitual and almost inevitable.

The conclusion is this. Choice of apparatus, if properly designed, may interfere with the true artistry of the broadcast; it is a matter for the expert. Do not let enthusiasm run riot from the capacity but even then this will be, as you will have saved up and purchase an adequate one do not let desires blind you to the fact.