Since it is known that the conditions of reception of foreign stations in the North of England differ considerably from those in the area which usually provides this feature of “World-Radio,” we have arranged for a series of commentaries on Northern reception, of which the following is the first.

By NORTHERNER.

AS an instance that reception of foreign stations varies very considerably at points no very great distance apart, in this column a fortnight ago very short-wave stations were reported as coming over well, whereas in North-Eastern England the direct opposite was the case—in fact, several of the high-speed morse transmissions were much below normal strength. Fortunately, this bad period now seems to have passed, as will be seen from my remarks below.

Commencing with the long-wave stations, Huizen, the new Dutch transmitter, promises another reliable Continental programme, judging by the strength and quality of the test items. I am afraid that Radio-Paris, which seems a very lively station and 5XX will become more difficult to receive entirely clear of interruption from one or other of these stations. Motala seems to have fallen in strength of late, but is still a very strong signal. Königs wusterhausen has shown much fluctuation during the week, and though always within reach, is not so strong at any time as Motala. It is usual on the Continent to refer to these last two, with 5XX and Radio-Paris, as the “Big Four,” but I consider that this description requires modification, for the new Danish transmitter at Kalundborg is an excellent signal, and is always as strongly received as Hilversum, and without any fading whatever, either in daylight or darkness. I suppose that all listeners who “reach out” are fully aware that, for daylight programmes, the long-wave stations are always preferable to others on the 300-500 metre waveband, since signals are stronger and fading is scarcely noticeable. In this part of the country we are well placed for reception of the Continental programmes from the northern part of Europe, the North Sea being very little hindrance as compared with intervening land areas. Warsaw I have found to be rather variable of late, but Hilversum has been fairly reliable, though, as “The Searcher” last week reported, there has been some interference on the new long wave, and on 1,000 metres only fairly well, together