WHEN the buzzer wavemeter has been con-  
structed in the way described in the last  
article, the next process is to calibrate it  
in order that wavelength or frequency readings  
may be obtainable.  
In the last article, the method of calibrating was  
mentioned briefly by adjusting the buzzer and  
as coil. If you have any efficient friend who  
uses a heterodyne wavemeter, this will aid you  
greatly in setting the buzzer frequencies   on  
the wavemeter. With a band switch designed so  
that the buzzer circuit does not put an extra  
load on the coil in the wave-meter, it will be  
found that we can readily calibrate the wave-  
meter coils. For this purpose it is necessary  
to have established wavelength standards.   For  
the middle of the broadcast. spectrum 400 to  
500   metres, we    may   safely   take    Frank-  
furt-on-Main, Stuttgart, Hanover, Dortmund, and  
Prague   CO kV,   all of which give reliable  
calibration points. It is always advisable to  
check these stations for wavelength by direct  
reference to the data issued from time to time  
by the various Post Offices for broadcast stations  
throughout the world. In Germany 385 metres  
will be found to be a standard frequency for  
local stations with 250 watts carrier power.   In  
this case all that is usually necessary is to give  
their nominal frequency and location. Look up  
the stations giving these wavelengths, attach  
your frame aerial to the wave-meter terminals,  
and tune in any station on the meter with as  
sharp tuning as possible. Place a 0.0003 mf  
condenser in series between the headphone and  
holder of the meter. Now set the buzzer Lor  
400, with the condenser of the wavemeter right  
across the frame aerial. Rock the pointer close  
to the reading which the station is supposed to  
give on the direct dial. This will probably be  
A.T.I. Next, increase the reading of the wave-  
meter condenser gradually—towards the higher  
frequency part of the dial, on the out-. side,   up  
to 1.5. After this point is passed, the station  
will fade out gradually, although with strong  
trouble it may still be audible over quite a large portion of  
the condenser scale. Move the condenser farther  
away from the frame aerial and use, say, between  
the frame aerial and the A.T.I. This will lower the  
effect of detuning; the number of scale divisions  
over which the buzzer is audible will be greatly  
reduced, probably the station will come in over  
two or three divisions only, one of the divisions  
which probably will be most loudly heard. Move the  
wavemeter condenser forward and backward about  
the position of nicely tuned station, as it were, by SP  
employ a direct dial on the wave-meter condenser.  
It will not be necessary to draw curves for the  
first wave-meter described, because it is intended  
that the wave-meter shall operate on harmonic  
overtones of the buzzer. Consequently, the dial  
directly giving wavelengths may be marked without  
the aid of any formed correction curve, provided  
that one does not rely on different shaped coils giving  
exactly identical wavelengths for a given scale  
reading. The author has made several coils on  
a former approximately 3in. in diameter with  
business tape, and the winding, with a layer of  
tissue paper between the turns, gives coils which  
are correct within two hundredths.  
To a first approximation, no calibration of the  
buzzer is necessary, but it is just necessary in  
some few places to do some careful checking and  
this must be done by unison beat method, the  
old reliable.  
In the case of the first wavemeter, the  
Frequent be found that, with the earlier form of  
will probably be in tune with the buzzer at  
approximately A.T.2 and B.T.9. This will afford  
places, if buzzers are being calibrated, and  
will find places of harmonics and calibrating the  
wavemeter proper, the instruction that is to say  
which utilises a square-law condenser and gives  
calibration in wavelengths. Now that O.U.S. is working,  
a buzzer is no longer the simplex method of  
calibration recommended. A fairly simple operation  
here as a powerful station whose wavelength is  
rather high in the B.C. broadcast range, namely  
411 to 1,200 metres.  
In the accompanying Fig. 5, a method is  
illustrated by which any constructor may perform  
quite a close-range calibration of the wavemeter  
for 280, 300 and 330. The dotted line shows a  
curve obtainedfrom pulsating from 944 metres  
412, for an 0.000085 mf condenser of eiatactly the full face of the wavemeter dial and shows the calibration  
of the wavemeter condenser direct in wavelength.  
Place the initial mark of the condenser dial  
over, say, wavelength position 94, for 0.000085 mf  
and adjust the wavemeter condenser until O.U.S.  
is in sharp tune. Allow the wave-meter to run  
on stably, E(A), and wave-meter 0.000085 mf  
in the proper position, the mark the excited  
Fie. 5.  
CALIBRATION WAVE-LENGTHS  
WITH SQUARE LAW CONDENSER  

divisions. Along the bottom ordinate the  
horizontal scale of the tuning knob mark the  
wavemeter dial. The author has found, as shown  
in the following way, that a point along 0  
corresponding to reading 1.0 gives a reading  
of 280 metres, reading 1.5 on the outer dial, about  
300 metres, and 2.14 for 330.  
Now attempt to verify this by another  
method. Remove all effects of the tuning  
frame aerial as in Fig. 7, and see if Prague,  
or 435 degrees roughly on the scale, gives exactly  
400 whose tuning point should be at about  
and for Stuttgart 340 on the scale. Place  
the station’s middle wave-length on the wavemeter’s  
S/L condenser dial and attempt to see if  
the wavemeter will respond to such slight amount  
of tuning. The stronger the signal, the more the  
station will perform along this curve over a greater  
vertical distance, representing 300 to  
400 on direct dial with condensers L2.  
It is only a question of allowing a little  
swerving and correcting for this.  
Let us take the above data obtained  
by the author and later corrected on Fig.  
5. The dotted line from the top left-  
hand corner gives a calibration curve  
for the entire scale of dial and takes  
us downwards for some distance. If  
you need to calibrate the broadcast wave-  
meter most carefully, you would have  
to draw a curve such as indicated  
and get the intermediate values between  
the calibrations described. Obtain-  
ing, for instance, a clear 260, 280, 300,  
320, 340, 360 and 380 by making use of  
the following stations, Dortmund  
385, Prague 435 and Stuttgart 340, and  
Frankfurt-on-Main 472 and 510 metres.  
Under these conditions, the wavemeter  
is then a fairly reliable wavelength meter for  
broadcast stations only as at present con-  
structed.  
The author suggests that it is unneces-  
sary to go to this trouble except in one case.  
The one station where really accurate calibration  
will be extremely important will be Strasbourg.  
Here, it will be possible, though, that certain  
stations may have more than one assigned wave-  
length, one for rhythmic work, another for  
speech. In such a case, the wavemeter will  
prove exceptionally valuable and convenient  
for the listening-in fraternity, who can also  
find the presence of certain stations of short  
wave length working probably to other countries.  
The wavemeter will help you to find them, e.g.,  
for example, you wish to tune in Frankfurt on  
472.5 metres. A reference to the chart will show at  
once it is only likely to be the one station which  
is marked at about 740 and the next day  
it is tuned into on the wavemeter it must be told with  
fairly near accuracy. When you receive  
many readers whose phone results have been  
very puzzling owing to the difficulty of exactly  
knowing which station is so to speak in tune  
when they get very close to the center of the  
band. Now the one station in the two power  
groups tuning station in Europe for rhythmic  
telephony purposes within 450 to 550  
metres band will be much used. There will  
again, be little doubt of the result when it is  
noticed that Dortmund is more easy to get  
on the pseudo first channel when tuning to  
Stuttgart. The question of systematic calibration  
of your dial will probably be of greater im-  
portance. Most listeners using non-calibrated  
oscillation valves will gradually learn their  
way about the dial like the hands of a  
clock, at least with quite limited values. Thus,  
we read 2/16, 4/16, etc. Now suppose you  
wish to have Dortmund in 385 and Stuttgart  
from 385 to 340 metres as close range, and  
Prague between 430 and 440. The graphic  
calibration curve shows what wavelengths cor-  
respond to those between 2.30 and 3.0. Prague has  
to be re-set, let us say at 2.9, Stuttgart at 3.0,  
and Dortmund at 2.3, then it is wise to use  
rhythmic two high-power stations for your first  
systematic calibration. Find other stations by  
interpolation, or take France, Tour Eiffel,  
wave-length 2.7 and 2.8, corresponding to  
Lyons, or more or less long wave, as the case may be.  
This again will lead the broadcast listener to  
enable him to explore the wave band for him-  
self. There are some readers who constantly  
complain of not making any first-class results  
during the last few months. The answer is  
that they are one, two or three channels off  
the proper place.  
With the help of the wavemeter, you can find  
out this defect in your receiving apparatus  
for yourself and, after studying the calibration  
charts, you will be able to indicate on the  
card of logging and make a note which show the  
result.  
Here is a very simple method of system-  
atic logging. It may be used if you have  
all the data of the Central Radio Bureau  
book contains of the sets listed in the following  
table, which are of considerable interest :—  
below 270 metres, 25 m. 7 a.m. to 9 a.m.;  
250 m. 9 a.m. to 11 a.m.; 300 m. 11 a.m. to 1 p.m.;  
350 m. 1 p.m. to 3 p.m.; 400 m. 3 p.m. to 6 p.m.;  
500 m. 6 p.m. to 8 p.m.; 600 m. 8 p.m. to 10 p.m.;  
1,000 m. 10 p.m. to 12 p.m.; 1,500 m. to 2 a.m.  
and 2,000 and 3,000.  
These sets, to the knowledge of the author, are  
not yet in use, but when used they will be found  
as useful as any good frequency meter.  
For the case of an ordinary broadcast receiver,  
however, the charts developed will show very fairly  
accurately what the tuning dial reading cor-  
responds to in wavelength and what broadcasting  
stations are liable to be operating in this band  
at the time of transmission. This will help very  
greatly in systematic logging and prevent the  
inaccurate logging of stations which constantly  
are the reason for readers writing in to say that  
a certain station is a “ mystery station.”  
With the help of this broadcast wavemeter,  
we can change this “mystery station” into a  
perfectly well ascertained one, and by aid of  
the graphic calibration and by the use of the  
calibration of the frequency meter. A practical  
example is here shown of the use of the Hercules  
receiver described in another article.  
Suppose we wish to know where the stations  
between 275 and 350 metres. The  
are working with  
date is made up in the case of Hartlepools.  
These stations (Frankfurt and Cologne)  
have to be located. They are plugged for  
435 and 345 metres. We know the Hercules  
dial from 0 to 60. It will now be possible  
to work out a graphic calibration curve for  
the dial which shows a comparatively straight line  
(Continued on Page 585.)