It is usual on the Continent to refer to these last two, with 5XX and Radio-Paris, as the “Big Four,” but I consider that this description requires modification, for the new Danish transmitter at Kalundborg is an excellent signal, and is always as strongly received as Hilversum, and without any fading whatever, either in daylight or darkness.

I suppose that all listeners who “reach out” are fully aware that, for daylight programmes, the long-wave stations are always preferable to others on the 300-500 metre waveband, since signals are stronger and fading is scarcely noticeable.

In this part of the country we are well placed for reception of the Continental programmes from the northern part of Europe, the North Sea being very little hindrance as compared with intervening land areas.

Warsaw I have found to be rather variable of late, but Hilversum has been up to usual form, though, as “The Searcher” last week reported, there has been some interference at times.

Leningrad, on 1,000 metres, comes in very well, together with some of the Beacon signals.

On the lower wave-band, Zurich is now back at normal winter strength.

Yet, as he now works much nearer the 600-metre more, he is certainly more troubled by spark than formerly.

Budapest is somewhat elusive here, and only identified, definitely, occasionally, but Munich is generally well received, as are Vienna and Berlin (Witzleben).

Brussels is heard at greater strength than at any time since the early days, when he used to come in very well on about 265 metres.

Langenberg is sometimes exceedingly strong, but, occasionally, and sometimes when conditions would indicate quite the opposite, he almost disappears, and has to be searched for.

Oslo, Stockholm, and Brunn are all well received here, though Oslo is not always a certain transmission, so far as reception is concerned, which fact is rather curious in consideration of the almost all-sea route between his aerial and mine.

Rome is now a very strong signal and is easily identified, thanks to his bell, used during intervals.

For some time now much the most reliable station has been Frankfurt, with signals always strong, and with the minimum of fading.

Hamburg (Continued at foot of Column 3.)