RADIO AND FOREIGN PROGRAMMES

WITH WHICH IS INCORPORATED “THE RADIO SUPPLEMENT”

FRIDAY, AUGUST 19, 1927. Two Pence.

Radio in the Sahara.

By MICHEL RAINEAU.

IN the very heart of the Algerian Sahara, in a mountainous region called the Hoggar, dwells a strange people, some of whose customs recall those of the Middle Ages in old Europe. The Tuaregs—such is their name—are the true lords of the desert, which they consider to be their own country from the rich oases of the north down to Timbuktu-the-Mysterious. They divide the desert into numerous kingdoms governed by chiefs, each including nobles, freemen, vassals, and slaves.

Twenty years ago, accustomed to raids on caravans of horses or speed camels, mounted on horseback with a shield made of o[?] deer hide, a sharpened sabre, and a large dagger attached to the wrist, they used to attack the trans-Saharan caravans as they were on their way north or south, sometimes within sight of Saharan villages, hidden under the shadow of the palm trees, received a nocturnal visit from parties of camel riders. The unfortunate inhabitants, in fear of their unwelcome guests, had no other course but that of paying the raiders heavy tributes. Such were the Tuaregs, the true lords of the desert.

Taller than the average Arab, strong in arms and lean, with their faces always partly concealed behind a blue veil, the Tuaregs, even now, actually occupy the place in the eyes of the other Saharan natives.

Actually, owing to the diplomatic tact of France, the Tuaregs have submitted to its influence. However, they continue to ride as formerly, armed with their shield and dagger, but only with a view to defending the camel-caravans against any attack from the desert robbers.

Yet, up to now, a powerful chief called Ameno-Sag had declined so to submit his tribe to French laws. “Desert is ours,” he would repeat, laughing scornfully. “Some years ago, I consented slavery to bring here the sugar and tea from the hands of the French. Henceforth, whoever stands in the way to these takes before them,” he would add scornfully, hinting at the well-known taste of all the Saharan people for these commodities. He and his armed men continued to travel over the golden tracks of the endless sandy plains in quest of merchant caravans, with their camels and goods—principally sugar and tea, as these were carried.

During their absence the young ladies of the tribe, every time they held their “love-court,” sang the courage of Ameno-Sag and his companions. It is a custom, to be found in all the Tuareg tribes, for a young unmarried lady or a widow to hold her “court”—a gathering of all her sweethearts (the more she has the happier and more esteemed she is)—in the tent of her parents, and to celebrate admirably the brave men who are pursuing and slaying upon a primitive

A vigorous pursuit of Ameno-Sag was undertaken. He, at length, was captured and taken to the military post of In-Salah. The commander of the post generously offered him liberty if he would promise to give up the raid and induce it to submit to French laws. The proud prisoner declined the offer, preferring death to a course which he considered quite unworthy of him.

On the evening of that day, at the hour when the sunset light accentuates the beauty of the red sands, all the men of the post, both officers and soldiers, gathered together as usual on a little plateau on which the wireless set was placed. An evening concert from the Eiffel Tower in Paris was to take place. Among the company was Ameno-Sag. When it was explained how from this small box human voices, issuing from many hundreds of miles away, were able to be heard, he laughed heartily, saying, “Allah alone is great”; but, as soon as he heard the first song, a folk-song, he showed a deep surprise and instinctively looked

(Continued on page 171.)