On writing on the subject of wire-
less for you, I am reminded of that ghast-
ly formula, “for me,” “a very difficult
proposal,” because personally I am not a
very great hand at writing -- except to pro-
fessional, bookmakers, asking for adequate
overdrafts. I have also a lot of respect for
such inkhorn as have nothing but brains
and courage wherewith to entertain the
public, and I always feel a bit of a fraud
occasionally essaying the pen for journal-
istic efforts that I have no right to make
as an actor.

I have recently been to America, where
the wireless phone receivers are becoming
very popular, and in some of the big hotels
I travelled, a party of us would sit in a
room and listen in to the West End of
London, or the most fashionable variety
shows in New York, with the absence of
hassle or bustle of a noisy “supper club,”
and with only a few tables and a few
friends and some very nice cooking. In
fact, a very nice way of enjoying one’s self
socially is to have the best entertainment in
London as well as the best entertainment
in your hotel, wherever you are.

It is a curious fact that in the realms of
wireless most of the “power” seems to be in
Australia ; but it is like land taxation,
those who have the land free do not have
to go about it ; consequently, and I am
sorry to say the majority of English people
without the land are being misled by the
powers that be who take to themselves the
land free. It is not my place to argue
this matter, but I think it will be found
nationally that those who own the land
and the water have not taken their full
obligations in reciprocity to the State, but
have meted out all the cruelty they have
been allowed to practice on the masses,
which they despise, because they only
amount to the public when they become
offensive to them in their own particular
world.

I remember when I was a little boy, stand-
ing at the corner of a street in a North of
England town, and every day I saw a
beautiful Victoria go by containing a very
distinguished and beautifully dressed lady,
who looked very aristocratic. She used to
look at us with evident disdain. She was
very nicely dressed and evidently well fed,
as made us little boys on the corner feel
very despised. Subsequently it transpired
that she was living with a man whose per-
sonal family life did not seem to worry
him in marrying this lady whom he loved ;
and when he died and left her a fortune
she became “de trop,” and was considered
a bad woman. As one of the ragged little
boys who used to worship elegance and
riches and every indication of class superi-
ority by a woman, and who never seems
to have been able to forsake those appre-
ciations, I expected that the respectable
people of the town would have forgiven her
everything in dear memory of the money
she had spent in it, especially on wool work.

The poor woman died, about ten days
after a concert in which she took part, and
it was a real grief to me that she attended
the concert, where the people on the plat-
form received her in the customary hypo-
critical, hypocritical, hypocritical manner ;
and the whole of her conversation to me
was of her joy in taking part in the con-
cert and seeing all the little children in the
room. I shall always remember that day
as one of the days of romance, because I
myself was listening in on a great human
affair. I would like to say that a number
of her relatives, who had never troubled
about her while she was alive, attended
her funeral. I think I could say more,
but perhaps it is safer to close this portion
of my wireless report with the remark that
I am not much in favour of people living
in glass houses throwing stones at others,
as they themselves are very apt to present
themselves in the light of “listeners-in” to
the human lives of others, whose lives are
perhaps better than their own so far as
sincerity and real love to the human race
is concerned.

What put these ruminations into my
head was the fact that I was invited to a
reception in Edinburgh lately, and was
asked to respond to the toast of the “Pro-
fession.” It was very difficult to find time
to get to the dinner in view of my present
theatrical engagements, and, consequently,
when I did get there I was very tired, very
hot, very sticky, and rather uncomfortable
inside my boiled shirt. I had some very
serious remarks to make, but apparently
did not make them and in the end I re-
member only making a short speech, wherein
I talked the most arrant nonsense. Then
I sat down and perspiringly awaited the
next speaker, hoping that I could listen in
to a more democratic expression of views
on the subject of acting and literature. I
am afraid that I was disappointed.

My subsequent misery was partly due to
my being bored and the fact that the evening
was so long. I do not know whether a
good set would have been of any service ;
but the chairman of the dinner was in the
position of the man with little wireless and
no aerial, inasmuch as he had to do all the
work with very little response. He was a
very nice man and would have made a
very good set had there been any chance
at all.

There came a time in the proceedings
when I decided to walk out into the street,
and being uncertain of the time and pre-
suming that the Thermos of whiskey
and soda would be frozen stiff, I sought
for that comfort, in view of the fact that I
had to get up very early the next morning,
and that one or two of the early-morning
hours would have to be spent in the com-
pany of a motor-car and a hair-dresser
getting myself ready for a complicated film.

Eventually, I regret to say that this
position was not realised, and that owing
to one or two wireless difficulties I did not
get to bed until about three o’clock on
Saturday morning. That meant to say that
I travelled all that Saturday and Sunday
and Monday to be in time for the film on
Tuesday morning.

The incident I had in mind as a great
wireless incident was the fact that the
reception in question was a complete failure
as an entertainment. It was not unlike a
wireless set without any plug in it, because
no one connected with anybody. Nobody
“talked the things that mattered,” and I
have a firm conviction that a glass of beer
and a penny box of matches between two
truly affectionate and honest husbands
would produce more real fun, hilarity and
entertainment than a whole room full of
hypocritical snobs who have arranged a
scheme of mutual back-slapping.

On this side of the Atlantic I have
wonderful memories of clergymen, city
missionaries and Salvation Army officers
having had marvelous success with the
wireless, especially in the rural districts,
and wonderful success, among others, in
the hearts of the peasantry. One particular
instance occurs to me of a well-known city
missionary who has a little wireless set in
a very poor district of London, and once a
week holds a service, issuing invitations to
his congregation to listen in to the service
of some particular cathedral. To hear the
choir and the organ and the congregation
singing hymns, in the poorest of London
homes, is an atmosphere and a delight
which I have never been able to forget ; and
I have often felt, when thinking of it, that
it is possible that the heart of more than
one poor man, woman, or child has been
made a more cheerful place by that mar-
vellous invention of wireless, which brings
to them the realisation that they are not
so far removed in sympathy, from the
happier and more fortunate classes as they
themselves have always been led to be-
lieve.

I started this article with the intention
of writing exclusively about wireless, but
I find it very difficult to confine myself
entirely to the subject, although many of
my experiences in the wild Rockies and in
one or two remote districts of America,
where I have recently played, were entirely
dependent on the frail wire in the wall
and the mysterious “cans” of the head-
phone, for the news and entertainment of
the day. It has always been a great de-
light to me, when I have been playing
away from home, and away from the
wireless, and away from my beloved
family, to think that a wife or child’s
voice could be projected to me across any
ocean in the world by this modern miracle.
To know that you can sit in your bed-
room or in your drawing-room with the
thought that somewhere a little needle is
being shifted by unknown hands, bringing
to you the voice of someone you love, is
eternal romance indeed. I am willing to
confess that my admiration for wireless is
based far more on the wonderful clockwork
of the human heart than on the extraordi-
nary scientific merits of this invention.

I must take this opportunity of saying
a word on behalf of the B.B.C. It is a
fashionable thing, I suppose, in these days
to take a lick at these authorities also. I
should like very much to say that I have
always found the B.B.C. extremely ready to
listen to my point of view, and I have
never yet had the slightest difficulty in
obtaining an interview with any official in
that organisation whenever I have desired
it. If they do not always see things one’s
own way one must remember that they
have a very large public to think of, and
that they have got to do many things that
they do not want to do and that they do
not like doing. I am grateful to them for
many kindnesses shown to me personally,
and I shall never forget the great pleasure
it was to me to be allowed to broadcast for
them.

Another rather amusing experience of mine with
wireless was when I was suddenly conducted into
a studio --- I forget which --- with very little warn-
ing. The tuner, a very kind and courteous man,
did not tell me the name of the set, or which
country it was in ; and I broadcast on what I
thought was one of the most important occasions
of my life. Result : absolutely “no response.” I
went out into the street and wondered if I had
been talking into the wrong end of the “mike.”
I felt very mortified, and when I got back to my
hotel I discovered that I had been talking to
South America. Now I do not say that South
America is not interesting, but I have never yet
had any evidence that they have any particular
interest in me. Efforts were made to get me to
broadcast again, but owing to the most honor-
able and proper arrangement with the B.B.C. I
was unable to broadcast for anybody else in
England, except with their permission.

I used to sit in my rooms --- a little time ago ---
in an hotel in Knightsbridge, listening to the
early morning market reports, and I used to
think what an extraordinary time it was that the
world had reached when we could actually listen
in to the early market from our beds. I have
many other things to say to you, dear listeners,
and if your Editor at any time in the future is
good enough to let me, I will write again on this
subject. I would very much like to write on the
effect that wireless is having on the theatre, and
I hope that I may be permitted to do so.

sound and not being able to extricate myself for the
evening performance. However, I did free myself
eventually, and discovered with enough time at my
disposal to have approved the roads of Brighton to the
tune of ten guineas!

From my ignorance with regard to wireless I
have now become very much more knowledgable and
I even “wire” when away on randomly. I know
nothing about the actual set, and I do not pretend
that if I touched anything it would work. I dis-
covered that if it did not work not all the tricks and
complications that the writer of the manual of this
particular set could devise could make it work. The
set is not on the very newest and most up-to-date
lines, although there is nothing in the modern way in
wireless that I am incapable of understanding. These
sets are constantly improved, but even the older types
are thought to require experts. And I thought I had
a very good set. It was the best the dealer had, and
had channel capacity for I don’t know how many
channels. And as I had the best, I thought I had
the earth, and expected it to function like a goddess.

As a matter of fact, I was very fond of simply
sitting down and listening to “Band Waggon.” It
was not work, it was not even like thought. So long
as the set did its duty, all was well. It was the
bad reception that irritated me. We had the desert
storm, sand in the condenser, all the other
things that the dealers tell you will go wrong, and I
never knew which. I used to be very annoyed when
I wanted to hear this or that artist, and I could not.

On one occasion Mr. Melville Gideon and I were
to sing in the same programme. He was at my
house for supper, and according to all arrange-
ments and etiquette, we switched on at 10.15 in
order to listen to the last quarter of an hour of
the previous programme. There ought to have been
dance music. Instead of which there was nothing
but scratching. Mr. Gideon bustled about the room,
rearranged furniture, and behaved in every way
like an expert ; and then we discovered that the
van had taken the set away in order to be repaired.
There was no set there at all and there we were
with all the rest of the evening free, and no B.B.C.
to listen to. It is on occasions like this that the
theatre is a useful institution, because when you go
into the theatre you know that unless there is a
serious breakdown of some sort, the people will be
there and will do their best.

It may be of interest to readers to know that two
years before the B.B.C. was started, the
old “Optimists” had been broadcasting every day
from Scotland-Yard. During my engagements at the
Pavilion Theatre, Leicester Square, in my sketch,
“Bovril” took me to the Eagle Hut in the Strand, and
through the goodness of a friend of mine I was per-
mitted to broadcast the daily process at the Hut. It
was a great delight to men who were wounded from
the trenches, their devotion to the cause. I had to
daily find the money to pay for the line between the
Pavilion Theatre and the Eagle Hut. It would not
have been possible for me to have paid more than
that. I should not think that this would enter into
the department of public-spirited exploitation if there
were any exploitation.

It was one January-February fight, blow by
blow, in the camp on the other side of the water that
remains impressed upon my memory. It was hearing
the London blow for blow, so to speak, all-acting on
the other side of the water from their friends in the
States. As often happens when one is really inter-
ested, the occasion became nearer to one than the
events of everyday life.

Another instance is that one of our biggest wire-
less freaks was enormously interested in the fact that
we were going to have a wireless concert for the
boys in a desolate corner. When you are in such
places, wireless becomes companionship in a way
not to be appreciated in civilised communities. When
the boys had had a particularly trying day, it was
wonderful how they literally “listened in” to those
programmes.

I should like to say at this point that the approxi-
mately three thousand young officers who were
stationed in a certain camp, and many of whom were
afterwards killed, literally hung upon the wireless.
It was the line that kept them in touch with home,
and with everything that was going on in the world.
I remember that one night when I was in Winnipeg,
and while I was broadcasting, I had rather a bad
attack of giddiness. I had not been feeling very
well during the day, and the studio was very hot.
It so happened that I lost my head, and I had to go
out of the studio, leaving Mr. Melville Gideon to go
on with the programme. I went downstairs and sat in
the passage, and then returned to the studio and
finished the programme. It was a most unpleasant
experience. I have never spoken of it before, but I
should like just to make a passing reference to the
fact that the wireless officer in charge of the pro-
gramme tried to give me back my confidence, by
saying that my “saturation point” had possibly been
reached. To this day I have not yet been able to find
out where my “saturation point” is, but I am still
listening in in the hope of hearing it referred to
again.

(WOMAN OFFICIAL’S PROMOTION.)

Miss Ethel Brannan, who has been in charge
of the North Midland ‘phone area for
Reith for the past two years, has been
stationed in the Company’s Manchester
warehouse since 1912 without any promotion,
and it was left to wireless broadcasting
and to the B.B.C. virtually from this day that
he begins to operate.