In the following article Capt. Eckersley discusses the subject of “distant listening.” He shows how his definition last week of the service area is not inconsistent with the policy of World-Radio—that, namely, of same “reaching out” to stations beyond the listener’s service area.

II.—Distant Listening.

IN the last article I gave the definition of a service area as “that area within which the field strength of that station is sufficiently great to insure that the average listener can receive a programme or programmes without interruption by any extraneous electrical interferences (except oscillation).”

In my last article I spoke from the point of view of an engineer having to guarantee a service from a station which directly or indirectly pays for that service. This is not to say, however, that distant listening is taboo, or that people cannot get some pleasure from it. I, as an engineer, have to guarantee a service, I must see that all the subscribers to that service are given uninterrupted signals. That some people put up with certain difficulties in distant listening is not my business, and provided they derive pleasure from so doing it would be an impertinence on my part to interfere with that pleasure.

It is the function of World-Radio to encourage anything in listening which the people shall adopt as being in their own interest. All stations can be heard, wherever they may be, the moment they go into operation. It should be obvious that when you do listen outside your service area you are at the mercy of difficulties from which you are protected when you listen to hear foreign programmes—the alternative seems to be whether the broadcast of your home programme of foreign concerts is an inducement to pick the home programme rather than the alternative one.

Without wishing to dictate to anyone, I should like to indicate how the greatest pleasure can be derived from distant listening.

First and foremost, while you cannot live within the service areas of foreign stations, you can at least choose those which are least susceptible to phenomena of this kind. You should, therefore, choose the high power foreign stations whose power does not exceed 20 kw. and choose long waves.

Secondly, the long wave stations are less susceptible to fading, are in many forms more powerful, and use high power wavelengths that give wonderfully interesting matter. They are particularly suitable to those who may listen in during this time.

Thirdly, why try to listen to distant stations with a set which is inadequate for the job? Sometimes, on a Sunday evening, when a kind manufacturer has put at my disposal a very good set, “I’ve tried” for distant content. I then have a set for which it is very difficult, when they give you considerable pleasure. At this period (the last one I tried was in December), you practically picked up everything outside. There was London, Frankfurt Langenger, Berlin, Koenigs Wusterhausen, Radio Paris, Hilversum, etc. Now you have such a set, you are likely to get ten times the pleasure from one station than from a poor fraction of my pleasure. I do not for one moment say that the services provided by those stations I have named are unsuitable for distant reception. But the worst sufferers of manias who are simply “fishing” with a set for stations who are all too unimportant to give adequate response one cannot be sufficient enough to suggest that merely swopping from one station to another is not a very intelligent form of pastime. You cannot wander from station to station and expect to pick up the whole programme, and will then find the situation at its worst and then you will give them a distant programme, one which will give them something comparable with theirs in speaking and so on.

“All Europe on one valve.” Now goes the cry; certain people (and I am not going to say my name or the name of this cry) that this “one valve” policy is unpractical. The idea, that every broadcast station should increase its power interference with the other is, of course, incorrect.

The fact has now been definitely obtained unless a five-valve set (at least four tuned) and preferably a super-heterodyne, though a hat-box one of this type in this year of grace, 1927, with Reinartz-heterodyne - Reflex - three - valve - grid - coupled one-valve set with 20 volts on the anode which works a loud speaker from the Brisbane station. But can you lay your hand upon your heart and say you have never oscillated? If you cannot say this is it fair to others? Are you not selfish? Are you not ruining the pleasure of hundreds of your neighbours? If I get sporting or fair I could go on urging upon you arguments, but it seems to be useless. I only see it two ways and hope and trusting do to my best for the maximum of pleasure to the maximum number of people.

Of course, one of the most potent factors militating against the perfect reception of the ever so powerful distant station is “fading”; that is, the signal which for some time is strong, becomes in a few minutes weak (fades away, that is), and then builds up to great strength once more.

The theory is that the waves leaving the station do not travel wholly parallel to the ground, but go upwards at an angle as well. There is supposed to be a “layer” of free electrons some 600 miles up in the earth’s surface. This layer forms a mirror for the waves and reflects them down again. At certain distances the reflected ray starts interfering with the direct. At greater distances only the indirect ray exists. The listener relying only upon the indirect ray or even a mixture of direct and indirect, as it is the mirror has original strength and upon the reflecting power of the mirror. This varies from time to time, and so “fading” sets in. During daylight the mirror becomes, as it were, extremely tarnished and the reflected ray is weak; at night the mirror is bright, but sometimes dim; hence signals in the daytime, strong, but variable, signals at night.

It is difficult to see how to overcome this trouble unless it be that the receiver is sensitive enough to receive even the weakest reflected ray, which automatically, i.e., with increase in sensitivity—when the signal originally got stronger. Even then reflection introduces some distortion.

To sum up, distant listening has to be undertaken with a knowledge that, in the present state of our knowledge, it will never be perfect, and that if we cannot get rid of uniform strength, powerful enough to overcome all disturbance, can exist only within the service area of the station. Power at the station and the use of long waves reduces disturbances.

Those who want good results in the summer should concentrate more upon the high power and long wave stations.