TECHNICAL CONSIDERATIONS.

By Capt. P. P. ECKERSLEY.

X.—Interference.

FOR perfection the user of a wireless set requires to hear the programme, only the programme, and the whole programme. People still talk about “putting up with a little interference,” but, while fully admitting that unfortunately, in some cases this has to be done, our ideal is to remove the necessity of doing so. When the jazz comes on, roughly it may be excusable, but the symphony concert is the play, the talk can lose much of its appeal if it is accompanied by even faint whines, or crashes, or “plomps,” or rushing sounds.

All extraneous interferences can be classed as interference, but interference is divided into different classes. In the common broad way statement there are those interruptions caused by listeners themselves, and, in the other main class, interferences from other sources of disturbance. In the latter category one may subdivide again as between those causes under human control and the weather bewitched spirits, if one might call such X-Ray tubes, wireless waves, etc.

Turning to the first class of interference, that made by listeners themselves, it would seem foolish as a twice-told tale to rant against that oscillation spoils wireless. It is a pathetic fact that certain listeners cause interference themselves representing 50 per cent. of the total interferences complained about by listeners. No amount of publicity, appeal, or argument appears to convince people that in making their sets oscillate they not only ruin their own, but thousands of other people’s, pleasure. Lots of it comes about through ignorance, and that’s why we have a pamphlet, free, and it tells people what oscillation is, how to do it, and what not to do not to do it. Some of it comes about maliciously — I might almost say. I heard a distinguished foreign artist denounced one of our concerts, a splendid “die hard I” near me oscillated the whole evening. A curiously narrow and conceited outlook that his disapproval should be made unpleasantly manifest to thousands of others who might not think the same as almighty he. But enough about oscillation. One can only conclude, as always, with the hope that in time people will learn what it means and that some others will learn sense and decency.

The second class of interference depends upon facts that are known, calculable, and ultimately in most cases curable. Most Governments have by now recognised the listener as a person of importance, and it is their desire to see that when he listens others shall not interfere with him, provided, of course, that these others shall be able to fulfil their functions, guard life at sea, carry on communication, etc. The forthcoming Washington Conference will possibly result in a considerable amelioration of interference by spark and other wireless services within the broadcast wave-band, and already listeners should be grateful to the British, German, and American Governments for the steps being taken to withdraw the worst offenders from the 450 metre wave.

Finally, and with regard to interferences from transmitters, it will be necessary to teach those who have the unfortunate task of curing X-Rays, static, man-made noises, and so on, in theory how they may best be worked to prevent interference, and there is no doubt of the willingness and desire to co-operate among the bodies and/or people controlling the sources of interference. Here, with patience and co-operation and investigation, much of the trouble will surely vanish, and our main function is, in our new proposed system of distribution, to see that our signal strength is good over the dense centres of population where such interferences are most prone to occur.

There remains the Atmospheric. The atmospheric is the one type of interference that, so far, has proved itself invincible, and the only way in which it appears to be “get-overable” is in either making the signal very loud so that the atmosphere is drowned or by choosing a wavelength where the atmospherics are practically non-existent. The atmospheric, it is believed, is caused by sudden changes of electric state in the atmosphere ... distant thunderstorms are frequently responsible for the crashes that spoil reception.

There is, as indicated above, but one real cure: brute force and—ignorance!