Jazz to the Rescue!  

By CHARLES HODSON.  

IT was evening when I arrived at one of those quaint, out-of-the-way villages on the coast of Holland where the land and the sea all seem to be mixed up together. The village inn, a scrupulously clean and comfortable hostelry, was the only building of any size that the place possessed. It stood on the quay, a small, cobble-stoned wharf, round about which the village itself stood in friendly fashion around the little inlet. The view from the dining-room looked over a flat expanse of pasture-land, intersected with numerous creeks and inlets. While I ate my supper mine host, a portly mynheer of middle age, entertained me and took occasion to mention an experiment, which he had in mind for his private wireless reception, and for which he had secured my co-operation. Occupying a prominent position over the window, for all to see, was a loudly ticking Studio Clock.  
   Breakfast was served shortly after my bed-room door had been knocked upon and the friendly “ Good Morgen ” announced. The wind had veered into the east and the air was sharp and frosty. The dining-room overlooked the quay, which was still deserted, and the tide still high. The wall round the quay was hidden by the side of the boat, over which one could see the masts and sails gracefully careening as the boat rose and fell with the waves. The lower masts were in actual contact with the roofs of the houses opposite. There was movement and activity everywhere—even in the church tower. There the pendulum of the clock which occupies an important position in the tower was visible from the dining-room.  
   As I sat at breakfast quite at my leisure I watched the figures on the quay below, while they removed from the boats the huge conical nets, and spread them out upon the quay. There were many boats in the small harbour, neatly arranged in most decorative fashion round the quay. The village lay grouped around in intimate fashion. Here were the narrow streets with the dark passage ways between the houses. Space was so restricted that here and there one or two boats had to be moored against the front doors of the houses themselves.  
   Activity increased with the daylight. A boat cleared her moorings and began to leave the harbour. Even this was a matter of some difficulty in view of the narrow confines of the harbour and the strong head wind that came screaming down from the inland country. There were other boats with less importance, but all going about their heaving and pitching duties with vigour, while their sails flapped to the accompaniment of a continuous creaking of ropes.  
   The wind grew in velocity and gradually the white horses appeared around the opening of the harbour. The sea took on a threatening appearance and the smacks rocked and swayed at the quay; heavy waves broke over the top of the quay wall, sending up showers of spray, while in the distance the roar of the breakers assailed the ear. The sky too, was darkening. The scene was unusually vivid and dramatic.  
   Inside my small, comfortable room the clocks were ticking with the cheerful assurance characteristic of Studio Clocks. Mynheer’s own clock was ticking on the mantelpiece, while I myself set my watch by the Studio Clock which, in accordance with my host’s practice, was run ten minutes fast.  
   Mynheer came up to consult me about his wireless reception. It seemed that one of his old clients had told him of a wonderful relay of dance music that he had received from a well-known Continental broadcasting station, with perfect clearness. Mynheer was not disposed to believe the story, but at the same time he was determined to get as clear a reception as possible for that evening, at any rate.  
   On the table where our experiment had been planned to take place was a fairly large three-valve receiver of modern design. It stood mellow and alluring in its polished mahogany cabinet on slender, tapering legs. I listened with some interest to Mynheer’s description of his previous attempts at reception and soon found that we had common ground on which to discuss the matter.  
   The hours passed and at length I descended to the dining-room for the midday maaltijd. An appetizing fragrance floated in my nostrils as I went, and I found Mynheer, in spotless apron, busily engaged on the final stages of its preparation. The midday meal was excellent, as was to be expected, and dessert was emphasised by a slight clink and rattle, as of metal instruments in the kitchen. This was followed by the arrival of the coffee upon the well-shining table. Presently, there was a sound which, at first, I hardly realised could be the trumpet of a gramophone. It reached us faintly across the water, a dim echo of real music. This gramophone was on a tramp steamer at anchor in the harbour. Each time that the sound of the trumpet reached us, the ship came into view above the tops of the houses opposite the quay as she rose and fell with the tide. There was a queer unreality about the effect, in the quiet sunshine.  
   We sat and sipped our coffee, and gradually I began to become drowsy in the warm, pleasant room. The clock on the mantelpiece was ticking in reassuring fashion, and in my dreamy state I watched the sunlight quiver in the candles and slowly glide across the wall and reflect on the polished woodwork and gleaming cutlery.  
   It was while I was drinking in the soothing atmosphere of this scene that suddenly the air was rent by a terrible noise. It came from a part of the quay that was invisible from where I was sitting. It crashed in upon the senses like a tornado. A dozen concertinas, each one playing a different tune, is the only comparison I can make. Nothing that I have ever heard quite equalled this, for the cacophony seemed to dive and slash and stab. I felt I could not rest until I had discovered where it came from. Accordingly I got up to explore.  
   As I crossed the quay there was a clear impression of something more than the usual stir on the wharf. The row of houses facing the little harbour seemed, for all the world, to be alive with excitement and emotion. Approaching the nearest door I dashed up the steps and entered a large room, where I saw in front of me two musicians who were holding the Dutch peasants captive. They were literally “ held in captive audience ”, for even had they wished to they could not have escaped. Two old men were turning a large handle attached to the concertina, which in this case was of the familiar street barrel-organ type, mounted on a special mounting. Neither could have been less than eighty years of age. They were both bent and ancient, but there was a certain virility about the way in which they sawingly manipulated this terrible engine that amazed me. The sound produced was something wholly without parallel in the history of music; one might describe it as hideous beyond all experience. The ancients themselves in their wildest holidays could never have produced such a sound.  
   I stood spellbound. Compared with the scene in the cottage, that of the storm outside was dear and straightforward. How, I wondered, could people stand this? I passed from house to house and everywhere found that identical type of concertina at work. There was no room for variety in a quay of this type, where most of the houses were of similar build. The doors were all open and all ears were being assaulted by this nerve-racking sound.  
   I made my way back to the inn. The inn-keeper and his wife and the family were already at the windows and in the doors, watching with awestruck faces the way in which the whole village had been captured by this terrific sound that came muffled through doors and walls.  
   It was impossible to find means of escaping the sound. The whole village was dominated by the relentless sound and the villagers, poor people, were the prisoners of music that was nothing more or less than a gigantic nuisance. There was no freezing it off and no thawing it away. There appeared to be no means of resistance.  
   We watched the terrible scene for some time and then, with a feeling almost of relief, turned away to the room where stood the radio set. I suggested that it might help to relieve the situation if we tuned gently in to one of the principal Continental stations. Mynheer agreed readily and, with hands that trembled ever so slightly with excitement, proceeded to tune in.  
   As I stood there in that little room I felt that something must happen. The fate of the village seemed to depend upon the success or failure of for once modern wireless against primitive music. The contest was unequal, for while the primitive music was being produced by a long row of organs—there were not less than ten of them in the village—the little wireless set possessed three valves only. It seemed that only by some stroke of luck could the machine prevail against this barrage.  
   Mynheer’s face was drawn with anxiety as he manipulated the knobs. The moment was dramatic. Something told me this was going to be one of those unforgettable moments in life that one cannot possibly live down or forget.  
   I watched anxiously the Studio Clock. The moment drew near. The soothing hum of the set was the only sound in the room. Outside, in the distance, could be heard the cacophonous roar of music. There was something ominous, terrifying, in the effect. Only one thing could possibly be worse than all this music and that would be silence.  
   I noticed that the pointers on the clock were getting nearer to the hour for which we had fixed the experiment.  
   Suddenly, as we listened, there was a peculiar change in the sound of the organs. There was a curious alteration in the general tone, and I felt as one might feel who hears a wild beast give an unusual sound during an orgy of fury. I noticed that Mynheer too had heard this subtle change.  
   “ They’re getting nearer,” he said. “ Wherever they’ve been they’re trying to carry their terrifying music even more effectively to the villagers. My God! it’s awful. What can we do? “  
   “ Don’t worry,” I answered. “ You’ve still ten minutes yet. It may pass off.”  
   We stood in the little wireless room, listening to the storm of music from the organs, which continued at regular intervals. It rose and fell like the waves, and at every period became more terrible and insistent. “ I can’t bear it,” said Mynheer. “ Surely something will happen soon.”  
   The organ-grinders made their way slowly round to the front of the inn, which faced the harbour. The boats on the quay rocked and surged with the tide; those anchored in the harbour pitched and tossed in the choppy waves.  
   Mynheer’s hands trembled considerably as he kept his eye fixed on the Studio Clock. The sound of the organ was approaching nearer; the whole place reeked with its battering music. It was appalling. The boats moved with renewed vigour, the white horses danced across the harbour, silent and yet charged with the feeling of power and menace.  
   I peered over the window-sill and saw the organ-grinders hanging on to their instruments in an effort to keep them steady in the face of the storm. Here, indeed, was high drama.  
   The sailors were watching the spectacle, and even the skippers who had an interest in it, since of course they had hired the organ-grinders and were paying for the services of the terrible instrument, seemed a little uneasy at the ferocity of the spectacle.  
   I drew in my head from the window and sat down again in the little room. Mynheer made a final, tremulous adjustment of the telephone. The silence of the room was intense. There was a feeling in the atmosphere as of charged electricity.  
   Down went the cranks amid the flapping of the sails, and suddenly a roar of sound burst through the house that could be heard even in that room.  
   “ It’s only a question of seconds,” muttered Mynheer, moistening his lips. It seemed as if this terrible battering of the drums of one’s ears must last for ever. The dancing figures against the glare, with the discordant accompaniment thrown in, made it seem like some scene in the Inferno.  
   The organ roared in from the storm. The waves rose higher, the boats rose with them, and the wind howled around the house in a way that made us feel that we were surely living through some nightmare.  
   And then it happened. Just as the organ burst into its loudest efforts, Mynheer gave a sudden twist to the knob of the wireless set. He had timed his effort so splendidly that at the exact moment when a full crash of terror threatened to overwhelm us, there came suddenly from the little wireless set an unexpected and wonderful sound. It rose above the tumult like the voice of a friendly giant. I recognised it instantly as the sound of jazz music.  
   Then, on that roar of sound as on a rich opiate, the tension began to relax. I felt myself sinking into a soothing and even refreshing sensation. I realised almost with a sense of wonder that the wireless had conquered the barrel-organ. I looked at Mynheer and saw that his face, too, was lighted up with the same realisation.  
   The wireless jazz music rose, grew stronger, and then sank, only to rise again in a tremendous swirl of harmony. The organ was absolutely drowned. Strain and stress, fear and horror fled before the repeated phrases of the dance music, which irresistibly beat their way into the nervous systems of the villagers as upon those of ourselves.  
   The organ-grinders, thoroughly nonplussed with their weak, unavailing organ music, grew exhausted and perplexed. In about fifteen minutes they gradually ceased their efforts, and finally they went away altogether.  
   Mynheer and I enjoyed intensely the further developments of the contest. To see the wireless jazz grow more and more masterful till it finally conquered every sound in that little town was, indeed, a memorable experience. To transmit such music into such a scene cost little more than the switching on of a valve and the turning of a knob. Yet what it produced was beyond computation. The waves outside slowly subsided, the boats took on a more peaceful motion.  
   “ Another pair of organ-grinders,” said Mynheer, “ easily beaten by a wireless jazz tune. People now realise that our little town can find amusement and entertainments somewhere other than in the hurricane of a street organ.”  
   “ Yes,” I replied, “ but we must not overlook the fact that it is jazz that has saved the situation.”  
   “ We will not overlook it,” murmured Mynheer, with conviction.  
   I saw the hour hand on the dial of the Studio Clock creeping slowly towards the time for the next relay of the dance music. The boats rocked gently as the tide rose and fell; the sound of the wireless jazz penetrated far and wide into every part of the village. The tiny town seemed to have undergone a rapid transformation. The gentle ticking of the wireless Studio Clock suddenly took on an added significance in my mind. It seemed that something wonderful had happened in that half-hour of jazz. True, the boatmen and the organ-grinders had departed into the distance, but a new and original kind of entertainment had taken their place. It was a moment of satisfaction in the life of the village—a moment when a latter-day miracle had been performed and a new kind of happiness had been brought about by wireless.