TECHNICAL CONSIDERATIONS.

By Capt. P. P. ECKERSLEY.

XXII.—Loud Speaker Performance.

FOLLOWING my last article the reader will see in the attached curves what may be received by the receiver and loud speaker. Thus in Fig. 1 is shown the curve of the best loud speaker known, and the curve of an average loud speaker. These two curves are in Fig. II., superimposed on what is received by the perfect receiver (from the imperfect transmitter) and what is received by the average receiver. The “ average ” is not good. One sympathises with the loud-speaker designer, one girds at the receiver designer because the latter's problem is simple, the former's difficult. One is appalled at the result of the average set, and one wonders, as the result of both theory and practice, how the listener stands for the imperfection. The loud-speaker problem is, however, acute. The designer must get something cheap and workmanlike with a fair efficiency and no resonance.

It is somewhat heartening to record that such a loud speaker is not beyond the bounds of possibility. So far scientific invention has given us expensive and elaborate, but none the less very perfect, loud speakers. This type in measured performance has been surpassed by the purely practical cheap one of horn type or reed type working on to a moving cone. As with everything it has always been appreciated that the forces acting upon it must vary with displacement. According to a recent patent specification I see that this difficulty so far cited as fundamental has in reality been overcome by a most ingenious adaptation of the conventional form of movement which allows even forces over the whole displacement and a freedom of movement with high efficiency sufficient to give of the base its right value in comparison with the rest of the frequency note.

As this loud speaker is simple, I see no reason why it should not be cheap, and a further step forward has been made. I have had the privilege of hearing the new loud speaker, and the design, judged by that gay deceiver, the ear, excellent. It is useless for readers to ask at present where they may buy such loud speaker, as at present it is not marketed. When it is marketed it will also be useless to ask to which make the above words refer, as I am prevented by my position from recommending any proprietary makes. It is only right, however, that a step in the right direction should be noted here and the scientific aspects of the device discussed, because it helps towards that time when the curves in the diagram will be horizontal lines, and when the listener obtains perfection.

This article concludes, for a month or so at least, the series, as I have to leave the country for America. I hope that the general discussion of technical considerations has helped my readers, amateur and professional. At least it cannot be said that we never publish quantitative data. The curves given in the last series of articles should be invaluable to those who have the knowledge to read them.