W. K. T. (Durdham Down): Either Innsbruck or Klagenfurt; both stations were relaying the Vienna programme, with which your details would tally.  
BM/BB7B (Weymouth): Yes, Moscow Komintern on 1,450 m.  
M. W. (Darlington): Oslo, relaying dance music from Le Moulin Rouge (Oslo), until 11.30 p.m.  
2 Valve Reflex (Limehouse): Langenberg, relaying dance music from Cologne until 1 a.m. 4/9/27. The German National Anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn, of which the music is by Haydn.  
Winnow (Torquay): Apparently an amateur transmission, but cannot trace, as your details are too vague.  
T. L. M. (W. Ealing): Dortmund, relaying Langenberg. (A popular concert from Cologne.)  
Tetraube (Dublin): Could not possibly be Stockholm, which is on 454.5 m., but your details would tally with Copenhagen, which was relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at that time; it was not advertised to close down until 12.15 a.m. 1/9/27.  
W. H. T. M. (Deal): Stuttgart. Variety concert, followed at 10.40 p.m. by sports notes.  
Tuned Adro (Bradford): No, not Motala. This was Kalundborg, the new Danish station which now relays the Copenhagen programmes on 1,153.3 m. instead of Sorö, which has closed down. Apparently this was a relay of the International Air Meeting, which took place on that day.  
ZYX (West Hartlepool): Regret, cannot trace as your details are too vague; possibly an amateur transmission.  
B. N. (Harboro’) Drummer (Maltby); Q. H. L. (Leeds); Neutrodyne 4 (Stoke Poges): Kalundborg, the new Danish station which now relays the Copenhagen programmes on 1,153.3 m. and replaces Sorö, which has closed down. This transmission was also heard by other listeners and, although not advertised in programmes, would appear to have been a relay of the International Air Meeting, which took place on that day.  
W. G. Morris (Bolton): (1) Cadiz (EAJ3) Experimental concert; (2) Moscow Komintern on 1,450 m. News Bulletins broadcast for the benefit of men’s clubs and rest houses. They are read slowly in order that transcription may be made of each item.  
Lansdown (1): Yes, this would appear to be Moscow (Radio Peredacha) on 422 m – a lady announcer.  
Tres Valvae: Moscow Komintern U.R.S.S. on 1,450 m.  
Teddyglad (Scotland): (1) Your details are not at all clear. What were the two words picked up? What language do you suggest as Austrian? All announcements in that country are made in German; (2) Yes, Hilversum; (3) This was the Berlin programme, but we do not think that Hilversum relayed it; we cannot trace.  
Lansdown: (1) Yes, this would appear to be Moscow (Radio Peredacha) on 422 m., (2) Berne. A lady announcer.  
Tres Valvae: Moscow Komintern U.R.S.S. on 1,450 m.  
Teddyglad (Scotland): (1) Your details are not at all clear. What were the two words picked up? What language do you suggest as Austrian? All announcements in that country are made in German; (2) Yes, Hilversum; (3) This was the Berlin programme, but we do not think that Hilversum relayed it; we cannot trace a transmission on this WL. Your press-cutting does not refer to the same matter; (4) A powerful transmission might be received over several degrees of the aerial condenser; (5) Yes, Motala, relaying Church service from Stockholm.  
Ri-Righi (Rye): (1) This was Kalundborg, the new Danish station which has replaced Sorö, and now relays the Copenhagen programmes on 1,153.3 m. Reports of this transmission have been received by other listeners and, although not advertised in programmes, it would appear to have been a relay of the International Air Meeting, which took place on that day; (2) Yes, Scheveningen-Haven on 1,950 m., the news is given from Amsterdam, and the call for the bulletin is “Persbureau Amsterdam”; (3) PTT Paris is now on about 458 m.  
L. W. Benton (Birmingham): (1) 6RF, amateur, Lozells (Birmingham), 5GG amateur Four Oaks (Birmingham); (2) Copenhagen, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb. Time signal relayed from the Town Hall at midnight. You could not possibly have heard Barcelona (EAJ1) as this station closed down at 11 p.m.  
Inside (Burnley): Undoubtedly a German station, as the National Anthem for that country is the old Austrian hymn, of which the melody is by Haydn; it is impossible to say which of the transmitters you heard, as your estimated WL is much too vague.  
Frequency (Stevenage): Your details would tally with either Barcelona (EAJ1) or Naples; both stations have a lady announcer, and were giving an orchestral concert at that time.  
Master N. Psaroudis (Bexhill-on-Sea): Langenberg. Tea concert relayed from Cologne.  
Southville (Bristol): Regret, cannot trace item in programmes.  
W.A.S. (Rushden): Your WL is wrong; this was Hilversum relaying lunch-time music from the Palace Hotel at Scheveningen from 12.10 to 1.10 p.m. This was followed by a talk and classical concert from the studio.  
BM/BB7B (Weymouth): Scheveningen-Haven, Holland (1,950 m.). Stock Exchange quotations, Market prices, etc. only.  
A WR/WRC (Chingford): Piscator (Nottingham): Jem (Ashford); 2 Valve Neutrodyne (Higham Ferrers): Kalundborg, the new Danish station on 1,153.3 m.  
Fragment: International Air Meeting, which took place on that day (2)  
L. W. Benton (Birmingham): (1) 6FR, amateur, Lozells (Birmingham), 5CG amateur Four Oaks (Birmingham). (2) Copenhagen, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb. Time signal relayed from the Town Hall at midnight. You could not possibly have heard Barcelona (EAJ1) as this station closed down at 11 p.m.  
Inside (Burnley): Undoubtedly a German station, as the National Anthem for that country is the old Austrian hymn, of which the melody is by Haydn; it is impossible to say which of the transmitters you heard, as your estimated WL. is much too vague.  
Frequency (Stevenage): Your details would tally with either Barcelona (EAJ1) or Naples; both stations have a lady announcer, and were giving an orchestral concert at that time.  
Master N. Psaroudis (Bexhill-on-Sea): Langenberg. Tea concert relayed from Cologne.  
Southville (Bristol): Regret, cannot trace item in programmes.  
W.A.S. (Rushden): Your WL. is wrong; this was Hilversum relaying lunch-time music from the Palace Hotel at Scheveningen from 12.10 to 1.10 p.m. This was followed by a talk and classical concert from the studio.  
BM/BB7B (Weymouth): Scheveningen-Haven, Holland (1,950 m.) Stock Exchange quotations, Market prices, etc. only.  
AWR/NWRC (Chingford), Piscator (Nottingham), Jem (Ashford): 2 Valve Neutrodyne (Higham Ferrers): Kalundborg, the new Danish station which has replaced Sorö on 1,153.3 m. This transmission was heard by many other listeners, and would appear to have been a relay of the International Air Meeting which took place at the Kastrup Aerodrome on that day.  
Thomas Warriner: Munich, relaying from the Exhibition Hall.  
Safety (Bexhill): Yes, your details would tally with the Hilversum programme. A concert relayed from the Kurhaus, Scheveningen, followed at 10.10 p.m. by weather and news.  
Sherborne (Southend-on-Sea): Kalundborg, the new Danish station which has replaced Sorö on 1,153.3 m., relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen until 12.30 a.m., 5/9/27. Time signal was taken from the Town Hall at midnight.  
E.J.G.G. (Glasgow): Kalundborg, the new Danish station which has replaced Sorö, 1,153.3 m., relaying dance music from the Restaurant Wivel at Copenhagen until 12.15 a.m. 4/9/27.  
X.V. (Wolverhampton): Newcastle. At 10.30 p.m. Percy Bush's Aeolian Band from the Oxford Galleries, followed at 11.15 p.m. by a relay of London.  
Trio (Leigh): Nuremberg, relaying Munich.  
Haslehurst (Yorkshire): Kalundborg, the new Danish station which has replaced Sorö on 1,153.3 m. This transmission was heard by many listeners, and would appear to have been a relay of the International Air Meeting which took place at the Kastrup Aerodrome on that day.  
Wireless Billie: Scheveningen-Haven, Holland (1,950 m.). Stock Exchange quotations, market prices, etc.  
Spa (Hendon): PTT Paris, now on about 458 m. (technical talk).  
5 Valve Superhet (Nottingham): Leipzig (old and new folk songs).  
Nelson 4 (Ferndale): An amateur transmitter, but cannot trace call sign.  
Lynn: Your query is exceedingly vague. Would you kindly repeat it with fuller details, and we will make a further search?  
Malcolm H. Watson: We do not understand your term “short wave”; WFBL (Syracuse, N.Y.) works on 253.5 m. This was probably a relay of WGY (Schenectady) with which programme your details would tally.  
Hibernia (Loughrea): (1) Possibly Kharkov (Russia), which is testing on about 1,700 m. (2) your details are too vague to identify. If the word “Stockholm” was heard, it would point to Falun, which relays the capital programmes.  
Wonder 2 (Clapham): (1) Yes, Motala, relaying dance music from Stockholm until 10.40 p.m., (2) Koenigs wusterhausen, relaying concert from the Town Hall at Kassel, (3) Kalundborg, the new Danish station which has replaced Sorö on 1,153.3 m. relaying violin recital from Copenhagen.  
London Calling: Yes, apparently amateur transmitters, but cannot trace, as your details are too vague.  
Ludus (Holt-Norfolk): Yes, possibly Leningrad, which is testing on about 1,000 m.  
Night Crow (Leicester): Regret, but cannot trace without some estimation of Wl. Coupon must be sent with each enquiry.  
E. A. L. (Wells): Kalundborg relaying concert from Copenhagen.  
Nippo (Box 26 A.P.O. B.A.O.R. Wiesbaden): We received from you four coupons, one complete query and a mutilated one. Apparently your letter has been torn. The station you hear in the morning above Radio-Paris is Scheveningen-Haven. Only transmits commercial news and quotations. Please repeat other queries and they will be published in a later issue.  
Mystery Three (Glasgow): Frankfurt-on-Main (gramophone records).  
N. H. Law (Budleigh-Salterton): Your Wl. must be wrong. The programme details would tally with both Hilversum and Motala (relaying Stockholm), but from your query we cannot identify which transmitter you heard on that evening.  
Alaskan (Frodsham): Apparently a relay of the Stockholm programme; if Wl. approximately correct, either Orebro or Karlstad.  
Barwell (Crumpsall): Many thanks for your letter. There is no official German relay on that wave-length, but it would appear that you are hearing the programmes on the first harmonic of Bremen.  
Drummer (Maltby): We regret that we cannot trace this transmission; the organ recital does not appear in any advertised European programmes.