undborg, the new Danish station which has replaced Sorö on 1,153.3 m. This transmission was heard by many listeners, and would appear to have been a relay of the International Air Meeting which took place at the Kastrup Aerodrome on that day.
Wireless Billie: Scheveningen-Haven, Holland (1,950 m.). Stock Exchange quotations, market prices, etc.
Spa (Hendon): PTT Paris, now on about 458 m. (technical talk).
5 Valve Superhet (Nottingham): Leipzig (old and new folk songs).
Nelson 4 (Ferndale): An amateur transmitter, but cannot trace call sign.
Lynn: Your query is exceedingly vague. Would you kindly repeat it with fuller details, and we will make a further search?
Malcolm H. Watson: We do not understand your term “short wave”; WFBL (Syracuse, N.Y.) works on 253.5 m. This was probably a relay of WGY (Schenectady) with which programme your details would tally.
Hibernia (Loughrea): (1) Possibly Kharkov (Russia), which is testing on about 1,700 m. (2) your details are too vague to identify. If the word “Stockholm” was heard, it would point to Falun, which relays the capital programmes.
Wonder 2 (Clapham): (1) Yes, Motala, relaying dance music from Stockholm until 10.40 p.m., (2) Koenigs wusterhausen, relaying concert from the Town Hall at Kassel, (3) Kalundborg, the new Danish station which has replaced Sorö on 1,153.3 m. relaying violin recital from Copenhagen.
London Calling: Yes, apparently amateur transmitters, but cannot trace, as your details are too vague.
Ludus (Holt-Norfolk): Yes, possibly Leningrad, which is testing on about 1,000 m.
Night Crow (Leicester): Regret, but cannot trace without some estimation of Wl. Coupon must be sent with each enquiry.
E. A. L. (Wells): Kalundborg relaying concert from Copenhagen.
Nippo (Box 26 A.P.O. B.A.O.R. Wiesbaden): We received from you four coupons, one complete query and a mutilated one. Apparently your letter has been torn. The station you hear in the morning above Radio-Paris is Scheveningen-Haven. Only transmits commercial news and quotations. Please repeat other queries and they will be published in a later issue.
Mystery Three (Glasgow): Frankfurt-on-Main (gramophone records).
N. H. Law (Budleigh-Salterton): Your Wl. must be wrong. The programme details would tally with both Hilversum and Motala (relaying Stockholm), but from your query we cannot identify which transmitter you heard on that evening.
Alaskan (Frodsham): Apparently a relay of the Stockholm programme; if Wl. approximately correct, either Orebro or Karlstad.
Barwell (Crumpsall): Many thanks for your letter. There is no official German relay on that wave-length, but it would appear that you are hearing the programmes on the first harmonic of Bremen.
Drummer (Maltby): We regret that we cannot trace this transmission; the organ recital does not appear in any advertised European programmes.