Here's the transcribed text from the image:

Lansdown: (1) Yes, this would appear to be Moscow (Radio Peredacha) on 422 m., (2) Berne. A lady announcer.

Tres Valvae: Moscow Komintern U.R.S.S. on 1,450 m.

Teddyglad (Scotland): (1) Your details are not at all clear. What were the two words picked up? What language do you suggest as Austrian? All announcements in that country are made in German; (2) Yes, Hilversum; (3) This was the Berlin programme, but we do not think that Hilversum relayed it; we cannot trace a transmission on this WL. Your press-cutting does not refer to the same matter; (4) A powerful transmission might be received over several degrees of the aerial condenser; (5) Yes, Motala, relaying Church service from Stockholm.

Ri-Righi (Rye): (1) This was Kalundborg, the new Danish station which has replaced Sorö, and now relays the Copenhagen programmes on 1,153.3 m. Reports of this transmission have been received by other listeners and, although not advertised in programmes, it would appear to have been a relay of the International Air Meeting, which took place on that day; (2) Yes, Scheveningen-Haven on 1,950 m., the news is given from Amsterdam, and the call for the bulletin is “Persbureau Amsterdam”; (3) PTT Paris is now on about 458 m.

L. W. Benton (Birmingham): (1) 6RF, amateur, Lozells (Birmingham), 5GG amateur Four Oaks (Birmingham); (2) Copenhagen, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb. Time signal relayed from the Town Hall at midnight. You could not possibly have heard Barcelona (EAJ1) as this station closed down at 11 p.m.

Inside (Burnley): Undoubtedly a German station, as the National Anthem for that country is the old Austrian hymn, of which the melody is by Haydn; it is impossible to say which of the transmitters you heard, as your estimated WL is much too vague.

Frequency (Stevenage): Your details would tally with either Barcelona (EAJ1) or Naples; both stations have a lady announcer, and were giving an orchestral concert at that time.

Master N. Psaroudis (Bexhill-on-Sea): Langenberg. Tea concert relayed from Cologne.

Southville (Bristol): Regret, cannot trace item in programmes.

W.A.S. (Rushden): Your WL is wrong; this was Hilversum relaying lunch-time music from the Palace Hotel at Scheveningen from 12.10 to 1.10 p.m. This was followed by a talk and classical concert from the studio.

BM/BB7B (Weymouth): Scheveningen-Haven, Holland (1,950 m.). Stock Exchange quotations, Market prices, etc. only.

A WR/WRC (Chingford): Piscator (Nottingham): Jem (Ashford); 2 Valve Neutrodyne (Higham Ferrers): Kalundborg, the new Danish station on 1,153.3 m.