```  
W. K. T. (Durdham Down): Either Innsbruck or Klagenfurt; both stations were relaying the Vienna programme, with which your details would tally.  
BM/BB7B (Weymouth): Yes, Moscow Komintern on 1,450 m.  
M. W. (Darlington): Oslo, relaying dance music from Le Moulin Rouge (Oslo), until 11.30 p.m.  
2 Valve Reflex (Limehouse): Langenberg, relaying dance music from Cologne until 1 a.m. 4/9/27. The German National Anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn, of which the music is by Haydn.  
Winnow (Torquay): Apparently an amateur transmission, but cannot trace, as your details are too vague.  
T. L. M. (W. Ealing): Dortmund, relaying Langenberg. (A popular concert from Cologne.)  
Tetraube (Dublin): Could not possibly be Stockholm, which is on 454.5 m., but your details would tally with Copenhagen, which was relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at that time; it was not advertised to close down until 12.15 a.m. 1/9/27.  
W. H. T. M. (Deal): Stuttgart. Variety concert, followed at 10.40 p.m. by sports notes.  
Tuned Adro (Bradford): No, not Motala. This was Kalundborg, the new Danish station which now relays the Copenhagen programmes on 1,153.3 m. instead of Sorö, which has closed down. Apparently this was a relay of the International Air Meeting, which took place on that day.  
ZYX (West Hartlepool): Regret, cannot trace as your details are too vague; possibly an amateur transmission.  
B. N. (Harboro’) Drummer (Maltby); Q. H. L. (Leeds); Neutrodyne 4 (Stoke Poges): Kalundborg, the new Danish station which now relays the Copenhagen programmes on 1,153.3 m. and replaces Sorö, which has closed down. This transmission was also heard by other listeners and, although not advertised in programmes, would appear to have been a relay of the International Air Meeting, which took place on that day.  
W. G. Morris (Bolton): (1) Cadiz (EAJ3) Experimental concert; (2) Moscow Komintern on 1,450 m. News Bulletins broadcast for the benefit of men’s clubs and rest houses. They are read slowly in order that transcription may be made of each item.  
Lansdown (1): Yes, this would appear to be Moscow (Radio Peredacha) on 422 m – a lady announcer.  
Tres Valvae: Moscow Komintern U.R.S.S. on 1,450 m.  
Teddyglad (Scotland): (1) Your details are not at all clear. What were the two words picked up? What language do you suggest as Austrian? All announcements in that country are made in German; (2) Yes, Hilversum; (3) This was the Berlin programme, but we do not think that Hilversum relayed it; we cannot trace.  
```