Fragment: International Air Meeting, which took place on that day (2)

L. W. Benton (Birmingham): (1) 6FR, amateur, Lozells (Birmingham), 5CG amateur Four Oaks (Birmingham). (2) Copenhagen, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb. Time signal relayed from the Town Hall at midnight. You could not possibly have heard Barcelona (EAJ1) as this station closed down at 11 p.m.

Inside (Burnley): Undoubtedly a German station, as the National Anthem for that country is the old Austrian hymn, of which the melody is by Haydn; it is impossible to say which of the transmitters you heard, as your estimated WL. is much too vague.

Frequency (Stevenage): Your details would tally with either Barcelona (EAJ1) or Naples; both stations have a lady announcer, and were giving an orchestral concert at that time.

Master N. Psaroudis (Bexhill-on-Sea): Langenberg. Tea concert relayed from Cologne.

Southville (Bristol): Regret, cannot trace item in programmes.

W.A.S. (Rushden): Your WL. is wrong; this was Hilversum relaying lunch-time music from the Palace Hotel at Scheveningen from 12.10 to 1.10 p.m. This was followed by a talk and classical concert from the studio.

BM/BB7B (Weymouth): Scheveningen-Haven, Holland (1,950 m.) Stock Exchange quotations, Market prices, etc. only.

AWR/NWRC (Chingford), Piscator (Nottingham), Jem (Ashford): 2 Valve Neutrodyne (Higham Ferrers): Kalundborg, the new Danish station which has replaced Sorö on 1,153.3 m. This transmission was heard by many other listeners, and would appear to have been a relay of the International Air Meeting which took place at the Kastrup Aerodrome on that day.

Thomas Warriner: Munich, relaying from the Exhibition Hall.

Safety (Bexhill): Yes, your details would tally with the Hilversum programme. A concert relayed from the Kurhaus, Scheveningen, followed at 10.10 p.m. by weather and news.

Sherborne (Southend-on-Sea): Kalundborg, the new Danish station which has replaced Sorö on 1,153.3 m., relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen until 12.30 a.m., 5/9/27. Time signal was taken from the Town Hall at midnight.

E.J.G.G. (Glasgow): Kalundborg, the new Danish station which has replaced Sorö, 1,153.3 m., relaying dance music from the Restaurant Wivel at Copenhagen until 12.15 a.m. 4/9/27.

X.V. (Wolverhampton): Newcastle. At 10.30 p.m. Percy Bush's Aeolian Band from the Oxford Galleries, followed at 11.15 p.m. by a relay of London.

Trio (Leigh): Nuremberg, relaying Munich.

Haslehurst (Yorkshire): Kal.