Ayah (Cleethorpes): (1) Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen. The latter station advertised a relay of the London programme on Sunday evening in error; this was given on Monday, February 20; (2) Huizen (Holland). A coupon must be sent with each enquiry.
Super DX (Harrow-on-the-Hill): The only transmission with which this would tally is that of Helsingfors (time signal and news bulletin); possibly you received this through Lahti which is said to be testing on 1,530 m.
Scrounger (Hove): Kaisers-Iautern (204 m.) is not yet officially working, but is already testing. This station will relay the Munich programmes.
Cadet (North Finchley): Lille PTT (own programme). M. Ninosini, tenor of the Scala Theatre, Milan.
G.R.A. (Birkenhead): Edinburgh, relaying concert by the Ambassador’s Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello, until 1 a.m. G.M.T.
Silent Night: (1) Hanover, relaying dance music from Hamburg; (2) PTT Rennes, relaying PTT Paris.
T.R. (Stoke Newington): You do not say which short-wave station of KDKA (East Pittsburgh); if a German transmission, Döberitz, the experimental transmitter on 37.65 m., relaying dance music from Berlin.
E.B.D. (Ashton Road, Bristol): (1) Stuttgart, Die Piccolomini (a play by Schiller) followed by dance music relayed from Berlin; (2) Hamburg, news bulletin, followed by concert from the Ostermann Restaurant.
Detlf (Tonbridge): Königswusterhausen, relaying concert from the Grosses Schauspielhaus at Berlin. Soliders’ Chorus from Faust (Gounod), followed by dancing lesson.
M.M. (Adelaide Road, Brockley): (1) Moscow Comintern (RDW); (2) your details tally with the Helsingfors programme; possibly you received this through Lahti, which is said to be testing on 1,530 m.
Sunbury (Newcastle-on-Tyne): Possibly Reykjavik, but cannot confirm as we do not possess the programmes; no church service was advertised from any other station at that time on or about that WL.
Income Tax (Ayr): (1) a relay of PTT Paris; either PTT Rennes, or PTT Grenoble; (2) Radio Toulouse; this station relays from the Théâtre de la Capitole on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sundays, not always advertised in programme.
Super-Het 1 (Edinburgh): A relay of Oslo (Symphony concert); possibly Hamar.
Hedge Sparrow (Salisbury): PTT Rennes (276 m.) relaying PTT Paris.
J.M. Gray (Strichen): You give no estimate of WL; possibly Leipzig, which was giving a broadcast of a cabaret at that time, but cannot confirm as no details are advertised in programme.
Erevnos (Lee): This was . . . burgh): A relay of Oslo (Symphony concert); possibly Hamar.
Hedge Sparrow (Salisbury): PTT Rennes (276 m.) relaying PTT Paris.
J. M. Gray (Strichen): No estimate of WL; possibly Leipzig, which was giving a broadcast of a cabaret at that time, but cannot confirm as no details are advertised in programme.
Erewnos (Lee): This was Edinburgh, a relay of a concert by the Ambassador's Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello, until 1 a.m. G.M.T.
J. A. T. (Bedford): Koenigs Wusterhausen-Zeesen testing.
BM/BLBC (Workington): PTT Lyons, relaying from the Coliseum at Paris.
Low Frequency (Portslade-by-Sea): Motala, relaying dance music from Stockholm.
M. P. (Hyde Park): You do not say what you heard; from condenser readings, we should say either Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen, or Motala, relaying Stockholm.
Short Wave Henry (Wood Green): (1) Experimental transmitter at Döberitz (Germany) on 37.65 m.; (2) PTT Lyons on 39.5 m.
R. W. G (Wimbledon): Edinburgh, relaying concert by the Ambassador's Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello, until 1 a.m. G.M.T.
P. N. S. S. C. G. (Portsmouth): WL, surely wrong; details would tally with Frankfurt-on-Main, which was giving dance music at that time.
Wireless Joy: Kalundborg, relaying concert of Italian music from Copenhagen.
Night Hawk: (1) Yes, WOD (Miami Beach, Fla.). (2) if estimate of WL correct, KFX (Portland, Ore.); (3) apparently a test, but details are too vague, regret cannot trace; (4) yes, WBAL (Baltimore) received direct.
Horologist (Suffolk): Juan-les-Pins (257 m.); news bulletin is given out twice nightly in the English language.
BM/FKCB: Hanover, relaying Hamburg; see programme in World-Radio.
R. J. N. (Thame): No, not French; apparently Spanish, as we have had several reports regarding this transmission from other readers, and are making enquiries.
Nobby (Liverpool): Edinburgh, relaying concert by the Ambassador's Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello, until 1 a.m. G.M.T.
Operetta (Harrow): The only German station advertised to work so late was Hamburg (Dance music); possibly you received this through Hanover.
Bon Accord (Aberdeen): (1) Either ANE or ANH, Bandoeng, Java; (2) 3LO (Melbourne); (3) PTT Lyons on 40.20 m.
Call JY: (4) 0AK2 (Vienna); (5) WIZ (New Brunswick) on 43.35 m.; (6) possibly Johannesburg, on 32 m.; (7) possibly 2XAG (New York) on 26.92 m.
Wunk (Isle of Mull): This was Madrid (EAJ7), relaying dance music from the National Hotel.
Sospan Fach (Merthyr): Hamburg, the early morning broadcast of weather and news, followed by talk for the housewife.
Super-Het 2 (Edinburgh): (1) Radio Toulouse, relaying from the Théâtre de la Capitole; (2) Madrid (EAJ7), Opera, The Pearl Fishers (Bizet).
Elsie (Portsmouth): Possibly Huizen testing.
B.C.I (Upper Tooting): Not an amateur; Eiffel Tower, Paris, testing on one of its short wavelengths.
H.G. Paul (Devon): Yes, undoubtedly WEAF (New York).
O.E.P. (Anerley Hill): PTT Lille, giving talk on Esperanto from its own studio.
Limpet (Rhondda): Dublin, outside relay of football match; also taken by Cork. You give no estimate of WL, so cannot say from which station you received this.
Tinkle: WL is apparently wrong, regret, cannot trace.
P.V. 2 (Partick): 5NW (Newcastle-on-Tyne), transmitted at Dundee.
S.O.S. (Street): Kalundborg, relaying church service from the St. Frederick Church at Copenhagen.
Chyne (Gaywood): Moscow Comintern (RDW).
H.F.W.S. (Waltham Abbey): Huizen (Holland).
Three Valver (Brixham): Apparently San Sebastian, but no detailed programmes are available.
Lonsboro (Wallasey): Stettin, relaying from the Municipal Theatre Lortzing’s opera, Der Wildschütz, followed by news and weather report.
Clotted Cream (Exmouth): Vienna, English lesson.
M.J. Rogers (Dublin): We cannot give reason, but this has been reported to us from many sources.
Per Aspera (Glasgow): (1) Cannot understand WL for this was Radio Toulouse, relaying opera from the Théâtre de la Capitole in that city; (2) This was Porsgrund, relaying Oslo, apparently working again on 504 m.
H.B. (Gt. Shelford): Your query apppertains to television! It would tally with Prague.
Margaret (Bayswater): You give no estimate of WL, but Milan advertised a relay of the opera Mignon - it is quite possible, of course, that this was changed.
J.G. (Penzance): We cannot trace the original transmission, but you heard it through Copenhagen, which was relaying foreign stations at that time.
Monsieur X (Ramsgate): (2) Copenhagen; (3) Berne; (4) yes, Stockholm (cabaret). Vier. V.S.E: Manchester, Pursall and Stambury (composer entertainers).
C. L. Y. (Amersham): You give no estimate of WL; the only French station relaying opera was Radio Toulouse, taking from the Théâtre de la Capitole.
Puzzled (Cheshire): Munster, relaying Cologne.
Bedridden (Falmouth): You do not say whether the language was English or foreign; we suggest that this was an amateur.
Y. Lane Smith (York): The only French station giving a musical play at that time was PTT Marseilles, The Daughter of the Regiment (Donizetti).
Jers (Sunderland): (1) Frankfurt-on-Main; (2) Can trace no Spanish station on that WL; (3) Warsaw (concert of chamber music); (4) Leningrad (Radio Peredacha).
Dick (Ipswich): (1) Moscow Comintern (RDW); (2) Radio Toulouse, Cavalleria Rusticana (Mascagni).
Old Swan (Leeds): (10) much too vague, regret, cannot trace; (5) Helsingfors (harmonium music); (8) Stuttgart; (12) Hamburg; (15) possibly Berne; (18) yes, Goteborg, relaying The Messiah (Handel) from Norrköping; (20) yes, Kattowitz; (22) Frankfurt-on-Main; (23) yes, Bruenn, relaying The Bartered Bride (Smetana) from the National Theatre at Prague; (30) yes, Stockholm, relaying The Messiah (Handel) (31) yes, PTT Paris; (34) you do not say what you heard, possibly Oslo; (37) Langenberg; (42) Berlin (Witzleben), Munchausen's Letzte Liebe (operette) by Dormann and B. Jenbach; (49) no details at all given; (59) much too vague, regret, cannot trace; (63) Munich; (72) regret, cannot trace; (79) if German, Freiburg, relaying Stuttgart; (86) Zürich, relaying of organ recital. Organist: Viktor Schlatter.
E. C. H. (Kingston Hill): Motala, relaying Stockholm (altered programme).
Toll House (Gt. Yarmouth): Wavelengths wrong; both Frankfurt-on-Main; the early morning broadcast of physical exercises beginning at 5.30 a.m. G.M.T.
Weary Wanderer (Scarborough): (1) Wilno, relaying organ recital from Posen; possibly Rome.
Rokeby (Cheltenham): Moscow Comintern (RDW); instrument heard, accordeon.
Rekwac (Swansea): (1) Innsbruck, relaying Vienna; (2) Edinburgh, relaying concert by the Ambassador’s Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello; (3) PTT Lille, relaying from the Coliseum at Paris.
Kent: Posen (Poland).
H.H.S. (Wallington): Huizen (Holland) on 1,950 m, relaying church service from the Great Seminary at Holven; at 2.10 p.m. relay of the concertgebouw Orchestra at Amsterdam.
Anxious (Bishop Burton): Frankfurt.
Anxious (Bishop Burton): Frankfurt. Huizen (Holland) on 1,950 m., relaying church service from the Great Seminary at Huizen; at 2.10 p.m. relay of the concertgebouw Orchestra at Amsterdam.
Anxious (Bishop Burton): Your details tally with the transmission from Frankfurt-on-Main. The call you misunderstood was Frankfurt-am-Main und Kassel.
Pentyre (N. Cornwall): (1) Vienna (Rosenhügel), concert from studio; (2) apparently WJZ (Boundbrook).
Cricklewood 4 Valve: No, Stettin, relaying Berlin; dance music from the Hotel Adlon.
Wabez (Hove): (1) WL, wrong; Langenberg, relaying dancing lesson from Cologne; (2) Breslau.
Schoolboy (Seahouses): Radio LL. Paris (shortwave) transmits on about 61 m.
Canmore (Brighton): Rome.
Sparks (Aberdeen): Time and day would tally with 3LO (Melbourne); gramophone records.
Grid Leak (Somerset): Possibly Motala, relaying Stockholm.
E. Grumbar (Richmond): We cannot find the item in any European programme; possibly WGY (Schenectady) with which the time for this class of concert would tally.
Ranji (Bridgnorth): Regret cannot trace; the dial readings you give are not in the neighborhood of the unknown transmitter.
H. F. C. (Norwood): Very vague, possibly Cologne, which closed down at 11 p.m. G.M.T.
Live Wire (Handforth): Koenigs Wusterhausen-Zeesen on 1,250 m.
John Bright (Darlington): Motala, relaying Stockholm (wrong programme).
Byrom (Altrincham): We regret, but it is impossible to trace station heard without some estimate of W.L.
Firpo (Great Harwood): Berne (a lady announcer).
Gavendo (W.1): Not advertised in programme, but apparently Cork, relaying London.
Super-Het (Ipswich): Kalundborg, frequently relays the London programme, and the chimes from Big Ben, but this is not always advertised in programme.
B. Hoy (Clapton): WL, wrong; Hamburg (concert of gramophone records, followed by weather report and news).
Wollyback (Leicester): Details are very vague, but might tally with Langenberg, relaying Cologne.
Low Brow (Leeds): Radio Paris.
Homestead (Forest Gate): No, this was Edinburgh, relaying from the Marine Gardens, Portobello; concert by the Ambassador’s Orchestra.
R. N. Crisp (Chesterfield): The German National Anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn music by Haydn). A German station, but cannot say which as you give no estimate of WL.
Mac (Porto): (1) Motala, relaying Stockholm; at 7.15 p.m. a play; cabaret at 8.40-10 p.m. G.M.T.; (2) Moscow Comintern (RDW) relaying Festival in celebration of the tenth anniversary of the Red Army.
Eric (Leigh): If estimate of WL correct, WEAF (New York).
Missing Link (Clowne): Warsaw (Posen).
Oh Kay (Garshalton): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen; chimes are taken from the Town Hall at midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.).
Income Tax Four (Bristol): W.L. wrong; Edinburgh, relaying concert by the Ambassador's Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello.
A. G. (Addiscombe): Langenberg, relaying dancing lesson from Cologne, followed by opera, Don Giovanni (Mozart).
Ray (Middlesex): Are you sure of your time? The Hamburg station opened at 5.55 a.m., gave a time signal at 6 a.m., then gramophone records, followed by physical exercises, accompanied by music. We very much doubt you received Schenectady at that time.
(J. & J. Aberdeen): 5NW, amateur transmitter at Dundee.
Nightingale Walker (Croydon): WPG (Atlantic City), U.S.A.
Fireside (Middlesex): Moscow Comintern (RDW).
Minto (London): Edinburgh, relaying from the Marine Gardens, Portobello; concert by the Ambassador's Orchestra.
Fortescue (Rotherhithe): Either Copenhagen, or Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen; chimes are taken from the Town Hall at midnight.
Schoolboy (Rochdale): PTT Lille; own transmission of dance music.
C. D. Laker (W.7): Your estimate of WL. is wrong; this was Nürnberg, relaying Munich (request programme).
Eight Knobs (Bristol): Moscow Comintern (RDW), Children's Hour.
Unny (Liverpool): Edinburgh, relaying concert by the Ambassador's Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello.
J. S. (Park Avenue, Bedford): PTT Rennes, relaying concert from PTT Paris.
Primrose (Eastbourne): PTT Lille (own concert).
Lambridge (Bath): Moscow Comintern (RDW).
Kurzwellen (Southport): Yes, Eiffel Tower, Paris.
Duff (Chorley): Motala, relaying Stockholm (altered programme).
C. E. M. (Westgate): Your details are very vague, but possibly Petit Parisien, Paris.
Sarona (Eltham): If Spanish, Madrid (EAJ7), on February 20. On February 25, apparently another station, as Madrid does not work at such an early hour.
Merok (Kingston-on-Thames): Your estimate of W.L. is apparently wrong; although no details are given in programme, this would tally with Munster, relaying late transmission from Cologne studio.
BM/DPCM (Brixham): We believe this to be 5NW, an amateur transmitter at Dundee.
E. S. Ashworth (West Bridgford): (1) Prague; (2) Posen; (3) Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.
Rhondda: It is essential that you should give some details which permit of a search, to tell us the range of you dials does not help.
Mr. R. C. (Pinhoe): Motala, relaying Stockholm (altered programme).
Ether Searcher: Moscow Comitment (RDW) relay of Festival in celebration of the tenth anniversary of the Red Army.
We are Seven (Strood): B. WGY (Schenectady).
Toll House (Gt. Yarmouth): Both Frankfurt-on-Main, the early morning broadcast of physical exercises.
Marc G (Manston): Moscow Comitment (RDW).
J. P. D. (Longbenton): Sheffield.
Elstree (Leeds): Edinburgh, relaying concert by the Ambassador’s Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello.
Screened Grid Four (Coventry): Yes, KDKA (East Pittsburgh) received direct.
F. C. Payne (Hastings): 3LO Melbourne. The Broadcasting Company of Australia, Limited.
Twin Valve (Oxon): Moscow Comitment (RDW).
General Radio Three (Cardiff): Your estimate, of wavelengths are wrong, but the higher of the two stations is PTT Lille, relaying the PTT Paris programme, hence the PTT call. Radio Paris always closes down with the National Anthem; sometimes a gramophone record.
5 V. (Pompey): Langenberg, relaying an hour of Catholic Church music from Cologne, given by the Cathedral Choir.
E. P. Brian (Cheshire): Edinburgh, relaying concert by the Ambassador’s Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello.
G. M. (Wandsworth): PTT Lille.
G. T. (Norwich): Moscow Comitment (RDW).
Short Observant (Swansea): Possibly WJZ (Boundbrook).
Wave Henry (Wood Green): Your enquiry is too vague to permit of identification on these short waves; we regret to cannot trace.
A. R. Pike (Dorset): It is impossible to identify these short-wave transmissions without been PTT Lyons or C. in France, these were mostly what one might think at WL.
A. R. Pike (Dorset): It is impossible to identify these short wave transmissions without exact indication of WL.; if French, we suggest this may have been PTT Lyon on 40.20 m.
It (Greenock): 5SW, B.B.C. experimental station at Chelmsford.
We are Seven (Stroud): An amateur transmission (gramophone records), but cannot trace as you give no call sign.
Bolo (Downham): You give no estimate of WL., but if you are sure of call, yes. KDKA (East Pittsburgh).
Trebor: Yes, Falun, relaying Stockholm. Milngavie 5NW, amateur transmitter at Dundee.
R. N. V. R. (Leicester): Edinburgh, relaying from the Marine Gardens, Portobello concert by the Ambassador's Orchestra.
Fretful (Liverpool): (a) Madrid (EAJ7) Children's Hour; (b) apparently an amateur transmission; cannot trace any programme to tally with your details.
Mick (Beeston): Possibly Hamburg, which gives an early morning broadcast of news at 5.55 a.m. G.M.T. (gramophone records in the intervals).
Knot Twister (Willlesley): Hilversum (Hawaiian music).
A. I. F. (Portsmouth): Amateur transmitter; cannot trace as call sign is incomplete.
Nigger (Leeds), Undergraduate (Cambridge): J. V. D. (Newcastle-on-Tyne); Mr. Er Er (Seaforth): Suva toll. Edinburgh, relaying concert by the Ambassador's Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello.
Retta (Syston): Moscow Comintern (RDW).
J. C. (Londonderry): (1) apparently Warsaw, which was giving dance music at that time; (2) PTT Lille, relaying entertainment from Sous le Bois; (3) Porsgrund, relaying dance music from the Grand Hotel at Oslo.
Golf (Lincolnshire): Moscow Comintern (RDW).
The Ilford Straight Four: Talk not advertised in programme, but apparently Marseilles, relaying PTT Paris.
W. A. C. (Sussex): 2LL, amateur transmitter, but cannot trace call sign.
Dove Haworth: (1) Moscow Comintern (RDW); (2) Motala, relaying Stockholm (a relay of foreign stations); (3) Kalundborg, relaying from Copenhagen, afternoon concert and children's hour.
Charlie (Eastbourne): Leningrad, relaying concert from the Philharmonic Hall.
G. M. G. (nr. Worcester): We regret, but it is impossible to trace without much fuller details.
R. S. P. (Woolwich): We believe this to be 5NW, amateur transmitter at Dundee.
Blackbird (Hornsea): Rather vague to tally with the broadcast from Newcastle.
Glimpses of the Past (Charles I in Newcastle): Regret.
W. E. Ward (Abingdon): Koenigs Wusterhausen, grammophone records playing.entertainment from Sous le Bois ; (3) Porsgrund, relaying dance music from the Grand Hotel at Oslo.
Golf (Lincolnshire): Moscow Comintern (RDW).
The Ilford Straight Four: Talk not advertised in programme, but apparently Marseilles, relaying PTT Paris.
W. A. C. (Sussex): 2LL, amateur transmitter, but cannot trace call sign.
Dove Haworth: (1) Moscow Comintern (RDW). (2) Motala, relaying Stockholm (a relay of foreign stations). (3) Kalundborg, relaying from Copenhagen; afternoon concert and children’s hour.
Charlie (Eastbourne): Leningrad, relaying concert from the Philharmonic Hall.
G. M. G. (nr Worcester): We regret, but it is impossible to trace without much fuller details.
R. S. P. (Woolwich): We believe this to be 5NW, amateur transmitter at Dundee.
Blackbird (Hornsea): Rather vague, but would tally with the broadcast from Newcastle.
Glimpses of the Past (Charles I in Newcastle), Melody (Abingdon): Regret, cannot trace.
Nelson 4 (Lymington): WL. wrong; Konigswusterhausen, relaying Berlin; not an opera, but a recital of Viennese songs by Dr. Ralph Benatzky, and his wife, Jolanna Selim.
D. Y. (Addiscombe): Moscow Comintern (RDW) possib!e.
Ninca: Edinburgh relaying concert by the Ambassador’s Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello.
Twin (Forest Gate): 2XAF (32.79 m.) short wave transmitter of WGY (Schenectady).
Radionia (Redruth): No. Frankfurt-on-Main relaying a dancing lesson from Berlin.
Vesuvius (Dalkey): Huizen on 340.9 m.; concert from studio.
Idomeneo (W. Kilbride): So far as we know this transmission was not relayed; apparently received by you direct.
Oyster (Beaconsfield): Lille relaying PTT, Paris.
Ivsw (Abertillery): 2XG transmits on 16.02 m. on Mondays and Fridays; see short wave list in current issue.
Seaworthy (Wemyss Bay): A relay of a football match taken by Dublin and Cork; not advertised in programmes.
J. Y. H. (Harrow): Stockholm; a French lecture; relayed to Motala. No change of wavelength; possibly re-broadcast by Moscow which frequently relays foreign transmissions.
Wickett (Farcett): Radio Paris; Chimes from studio, physical exercises and news daily.
Alpha (Llanelly): Regret we cannot trace; both estimation of wave-length and details too vague.
EAJ (Wells): We cannot trace these amateur transmissions; your call signs are incomplete.