Huizen (Holland) on 1,950 m., relaying church service from the Great Seminary at Huizen; at 2.10 p.m. relay of the concertgebouw Orchestra at Amsterdam.

Anxious (Bishop Burton): Your details tally with the transmission from Frankfurt-on-Main. The call you misunderstood was Frankfurt-am-Main und Kassel.

Pentyre (N. Cornwall): (1) Vienna (Rosenhügel), concert from studio; (2) apparently WJZ (Boundbrook).

Cricklewood 4 Valve: No, Stettin, relaying Berlin; dance music from the Hotel Adlon.

Wabez (Hove): (1) WL, wrong; Langenberg, relaying dancing lesson from Cologne; (2) Breslau.

Schoolboy (Seahouses): Radio LL. Paris (shortwave) transmits on about 61 m.

Canmore (Brighton): Rome.

Sparks (Aberdeen): Time and day would tally with 3LO (Melbourne); gramophone records.

Grid Leak (Somerset): Possibly Motala, relaying Stockholm.

E. Grumbar (Richmond): We cannot find the item in any European programme; possibly WGY (Schenectady) with which the time for this class of concert would tally.

Ranji (Bridgnorth): Regret cannot trace; the dial readings you give are not in the neighborhood of the unknown transmitter.

H. F. C. (Norwood): Very vague, possibly Cologne, which closed down at 11 p.m. G.M.T.

Live Wire (Handforth): Koenigs Wusterhausen-Zeesen on 1,250 m.

John Bright (Darlington): Motala, relaying Stockholm (wrong programme).

Byrom (Altrincham): We regret, but it is impossible to trace station heard without some estimate of W.L.

Firpo (Great Harwood): Berne (a lady announcer).

Gavendo (W.1): Not advertised in programme, but apparently Cork, relaying London.

Super-Het (Ipswich): Kalundborg, frequently relays the London programme, and the chimes from Big Ben, but this is not always advertised in programme.

B. Hoy (Clapton): WL, wrong; Hamburg (concert of gramophone records, followed by weather report and news).

Wollyback (Leicester): Details are very vague, but might tally with Langenberg, relaying Cologne.

Low Brow (Leeds): Radio Paris.

Homestead (Forest Gate): No, this was Edinburgh, relaying from the Marine Gardens, Portobello; concert by the Ambassador’s Orchestra.

R. N. Crisp (Chesterfield): The German National Anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn music by Haydn). A German station, but cannot say which as you give no estimate of WL.

Mac (Porto): (1) Motala, relaying Stockholm; at 7.15 p.m. a play; cabaret at 8.40-10 p.m. G.M.T.; (2) Moscow Comintern (RDW) relaying Festival in celebration of the tenth anniversary of the Red Army.

Eric (Leigh): If estimate of WL correct, WEAF (New York).

Missing Link (Clowne): Warsaw (Posen).