```plaintext
Ayah (Cleethorpes): (1) Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen. The latter station advertised a relay of the London programme on Sunday evening in error; this was given on Monday, February 20; (2) Huizen (Holland). A coupon must be sent with each enquiry.
Super DX (Harrow-on-the-Hill): The only transmission with which this would tally is that of Helsingfors (time signal and news bulletin); possibly you received this through Lahti which is said to be testing on 1,530 m.
Scrounger (Hove): Kaisers-Iautern (204 m.) is not yet officially working, but is already testing. This station will relay the Munich programmes.
Cadet (North Finchley): Lille PTT (own programme).
M. Ninosini, tenor of the Scala Theatre, Milan.
G.R.A. (Birkenhead): Edinburgh, relaying concert by the Ambassador’s Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello, until 1 a.m. G.M.T.
Silent Night: (1) Hanover, relaying dance music from Hamburg; (2) PTT Rennes, relaying PTT Paris.
T.R. (Stoke Newington): You do not say which short-wave station of KDKA (East Pittsburgh); if a German transmission, Döberitz, the experimental transmitter on 37.65 m., relaying dance music from Berlin.
E.B.D. (Ashton Road, Bristol): (1) Stuttgart, Die Piccolomini (a play by Schiller) followed by dance music relayed from Berlin; (2) Hamburg, news bulletin, followed by concert from the Ostermann Restaurant.
Detlf (Tonbridge): Königswusterhausen, relaying concert from the Grosses Schauspielhaus at Berlin. Soliders’ Chorus from Faust (Gounod), followed by dancing lesson.
M.M. (Adelaide Road, Brockley): (1) Moscow Comintern (RDW); (2) your details tally with the Helsingfors programme; possibly you received this through Lahti, which is said to be testing on 1,530 m.
Sunbury (Newcastle-on-Tyne): Possibly Reykjavik, but cannot confirm as we do not possess the programmes; no church service was advertised from any other station at that time on or about that WL.
Income Tax (Ayr): (1) a relay of PTT Paris; either PTT Rennes, or PTT Grenoble; (2) Radio Toulouse; this station relays from the Théâtre de la Capitole on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sundays, not always advertised in programme.
Super-Het 1 (Edinburgh): A relay of Oslo (Symphony concert); possibly Hamar.
Hedge Sparrow (Salisbury): PTT Rennes (276 m.) relaying PTT Paris.
J.M. Gray (Strichen): You give no estimate of WL; possibly Leipzig, which was giving a broadcast of a cabaret at that time, but cannot confirm as no details are advertised in programme.
Erevnos (Lee): This was . . .
```