```
C. E. M. (Westgate): Your details are very vague, but possibly Petit Parisien, Paris.
Sarona (Eltham): If Spanish, Madrid (EAJ7), on February 20. On February 25, apparently another station, as Madrid does not work at such an early hour.
Merok (Kingston-on-Thames): Your estimate of W.L. is apparently wrong; although no details are given in programme, this would tally with Munster, relaying late transmission from Cologne studio.
BM/DPCM (Brixham): We believe this to be 5NW, an amateur transmitter at Dundee.
E. S. Ashworth (West Bridgford): (1) Prague; (2) Posen; (3) Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.
Rhondda: It is essential that you should give some details which permit of a search, to tell us the range of you dials does not help.
Mr. R. C. (Pinhoe): Motala, relaying Stockholm (altered programme).
Ether Searcher: Moscow Comitment (RDW) relay of Festival in celebration of the tenth anniversary of the Red Army.
We are Seven (Strood): B. WGY (Schenectady).
Toll House (Gt. Yarmouth): Both Frankfurt-on-Main, the early morning broadcast of physical exercises.
Marc G (Manston): Moscow Comitment (RDW).
J. P. D. (Longbenton): Sheffield.
Elstree (Leeds): Edinburgh, relaying concert by the Ambassador’s Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello.
Screened Grid Four (Coventry): Yes, KDKA (East Pittsburgh) received direct.
F. C. Payne (Hastings): 3LO Melbourne. The Broadcasting Company of Australia, Limited.
Twin Valve (Oxon): Moscow Comitment (RDW).
General Radio Three (Cardiff): Your estimate, of wavelengths are wrong, but the higher of the two stations is PTT Lille, relaying the PTT Paris programme, hence the PTT call. Radio Paris always closes down with the National Anthem; sometimes a gramophone record.
5 V. (Pompey): Langenberg, relaying an hour of Catholic Church music from Cologne, given by the Cathedral Choir.
E. P. Brian (Cheshire): Edinburgh, relaying concert by the Ambassador’s Orchestra from the Marine Gardens, Portobello.
G. M. (Wandsworth): PTT Lille.
G. T. (Norwich): Moscow Comitment (RDW).
Short Observant (Swansea): Possibly WJZ (Boundbrook).
Wave Henry (Wood Green): Your enquiry is too vague to permit of identification on these short waves; we regret to cannot trace.
A. R. Pike (Dorset): It is impossible to identify these short-wave transmissions without been PTT Lyons or C. in France, these were mostly what one might think at WL.
```