```plaintext
Wunk (Isle of Mull): This was Madrid (EAJ7), relaying dance music from the National Hotel.
Sospan Fach (Merthyr): Hamburg, the early morning broadcast of weather and news, followed by talk for the housewife.
Super-Het 2 (Edinburgh): (1) Radio Toulouse, relaying from the Théâtre de la Capitole; (2) Madrid (EAJ7), Opera, The Pearl Fishers (Bizet).
Elsie (Portsmouth): Possibly Huizen testing.
B.C.I (Upper Tooting): Not an amateur; Eiffel Tower, Paris, testing on one of its short wavelengths.
H.G. Paul (Devon): Yes, undoubtedly WEAF (New York).
O.E.P. (Anerley Hill): PTT Lille, giving talk on Esperanto from its own studio.
Limpet (Rhondda): Dublin, outside relay of football match; also taken by Cork.
You give no estimate of WL, so cannot say from which station you received this.
Tinkle: WL is apparently wrong, regret, cannot trace.
P.V. 2 (Partick): 5NW (Newcastle-on-Tyne), transmitted at Dundee.
S.O.S. (Street): Kalundborg, relaying church service from the St. Frederick Church at Copenhagen.
Chyne (Gaywood): Moscow Comintern (RDW).
H.F.W.S. (Waltham Abbey): Huizen (Holland).
Three Valver (Brixham): Apparently San Sebastian, but no detailed programmes are available.
Lonsboro (Wallasey): Stettin, relaying from the Municipal Theatre Lortzing’s opera, Der Wildschütz, followed by news and weather report.
Clotted Cream (Exmouth): Vienna, English lesson.
M.J. Rogers (Dublin): We cannot give reason, but this has been reported to us from many sources.
Per Aspera (Glasgow): (1) Cannot understand WL for this was Radio Toulouse, relaying opera from the Théâtre de la Capitole in that city; (2) This was Porsgrund, relaying Oslo, apparently working again on 504 m.
H.B. (Gt. Shelford): Your query apppertains to television! It would tally with Prague.
Margaret (Bayswater): You give no estimate of WL, but Milan advertised a relay of the opera Mignon - it is quite possible, of course, that this was changed.
J.G. (Penzance): We cannot trace the original transmission, but you heard it through Copenhagen, which was relaying foreign stations at that time.
```