```
mond Hill, N.Y.) on 325.9 m., (c) WCCO (Minneapolis) 405.2 m.; 
(6) 4QG Brisbane (385 m.); (7) possibly Radio-sud-Ouest, Bordeaux; (8) regret, cannot trace. Pigs Pay (Wandsworth): Regret, but cannot possibly identify transmission from condenser readings ; some estimate of WL. must be given.
Rolls (Hazeldean Lodge): Apparently a British amateur in India, but do not know name and address. Max (Oxford): Kattowitz, election results with gramophone records in the intervals. Sailor: We feel sure you were mistaken, as this was Union Radio, Madrid (two musical plays). C. Hunt (Luton): Regret, but we cannot recognise this melody in connection with any German transmitter. Anita (Crook): All German stations use the melody known as "Austria" (music by Haydn) which is the National Anthem of that country. Retlaw (Woodford Green): (1) Motala, relaying Children's Hour from Stockholm. Muggins (Clapham): Kattowitz, broadcasting election results with gramophone records in the intervals. Bunny (Whitstable): Yes, Leningrad. Earlyriser (Thorpe Bay): Frankfurt-on-Main (Nelson Revue). Domino (Waterford): Cannot trace as you give no estimate of WL.; condenser readings do not help. Hugo (Wimbledon Park): Moscow Comintern (RDW). Walton (Burton-on-Trent): An amateur transmitter, but cannot trace call sign. Knob Twister (Lincs.): Koenigsusterhausen (Press). Ultra-Audion (Birmingham): (1) Koenigsberg and Danzig; (2) PTT Lille; (3) Cork relaying Dublin; (4) Rome (a lady announcer). Kene: Posen (Poland) gramophone records and election results. Night Hawk (Lincoln): Belfast, relaying from the Carlton Ball Room ; (2) details are too vague, regret, cannot trace. L. G. K. (E. 6.): Apparently Langenberg; tests were made with a view to future U.S.A. relays. Jig Saw (Southampton): (1) Frankfurt-on-Main (The Nelson Revue); (2) and 3) coupon must be sent with each enquiry. Myra Gray (Pontefract): Stuttgart (variety programme). Dinas (Gornwall): (1) WL. apparently wrong; details tally with Frankfurt-on-Main (the Nelson Revue); (2) Motala, relaying church service from Stockholm. D. W. L. (Barrosa Barracks, Aldershot): You give no estimate of WL.; regret cannot trace; so many Continental stations gave dance music at that time. Delta (Paignton): It is almost impossible to trace transmitter from your condenser readings, but we suggest that the station you heard was the same as for "Daily Mail Continental" music and that this was probably Langenberg, not Cologne. Many Continental stations gave dance music at that time.
```