Aldershot: You give no estimate of WL.; regret cannot trace; many Continental stations gave dance music at that time.

Delta (Paignton): It is almost impossible to trace transmitter from your condenser readings, but we suggest that the station you heard taking the same programme as Langenberg was Cologne. Many Continental stations close down with chimes.

Eaton Three (Norwich): (1) Berlin (Zeesen) relaying a radio matinée from the Grosses Schauspielhaus (theatre), Berlin, (2) cannot trace from condenser settings, but might tally with gramophone recital from the same station.

Tona and 0013 V.: Cologne, which later relayed the Lindbergh broadcast.

W. R. A. (East Finchley): Cannot trace; your estimate of WL. covers entire short wave band. The letters P.E stand for Spain.

Slow Motion (N.W. 2.): No doubt PTT Lille, which has recently experimented in the relay of foreign stations.

Selftone (Nelson): (1) Strength certainly suggests PCJJ (Holland); (2) PTT Lyons on 40.20 m.; (3) cannot publish information; times of transmissions of 2ME (Sydney) are irregular.

Wobbler (Chatham): (1) Posen, broadcasting election results with gramophone records in the intervals; (2) Hamburg.

Gamma (Southend-on-Sea): (a) Linkoeping or Uppsala, relaying church service from Stockholm; (b) old coupons must be used with care and exactitude.

Manderville (Rickmansworth): (1) Lindbergh broadcast, received through Münster; (2) Posen (Poland) election results with gramophone records in the intervals.

Scotscog (Middleham): (1) Cologne, relaying the Lindbergh broadcast; (2) Leningrad, now working on 995 m.

D.O.B. (Kings Heath): (1) Hamburg, broadcast of the Lindbergh reception at Washington, D.C.; (2) Posen (election results with gramophone records in the intervals).

Froggatts (Sutton Coldfield): (1) An amateur transmission, but cannot trace as call sign is incomplete.

KRO (Norbury): Regret, cannot trace; most stations were giving a Belgian programme at that time.

Arosfa Pencoed: PTT Lille.

H. B. 3. (S. W. 2): (1) Langenberg; (2) Aachen; (3) regret, cannot trace; (4) Kattowitz (Poland) broadcast of election results with gramophone records in the intervals; (5) Posen; (6) Wilno; (7) Cracow; (8) regret, cannot trace.

Leo (Somerset): Moscow Comintern (RDW); your details do not tally with any other station, but the Moscow programme items are not published.

Nulla Bona (Sligo): Yes, WGY (Schenectady) received direct.

L. M. D. (Winchester): It is impossible to trace transmissions from condenser readings only; some estimate of WL. must be given; many stations broadcast dance music on Sunday nights.

Spoon (Norfolk): Anserdam PTT Lille, but not always.