B/M/EBVB (W.6): Hanover, Bremen or Kiel, relaying Hamburg (a relay of foreign stations); see programme for the latter station in World-Radio.

Ponteland 3 Valve (Newcastle-on-Tyne): Yes, WGY (Schenectady) received direct.

Bon (Birmingham): Are you sure this was a Bach recital, for it is not mentioned in programmes? Details of time and approximate W/L. would tally with the broadcast from Copenhagen (via Kalundborg) of chamber music (Beethoven and Handel).

The Globe (Kidderminster): (1) KDKA (East Pittsburgh) received direct, (2) possibly WBZ (Springfield), (3) possibly WCBD (Zion, Ill.), (4) cannot confirm, but KFI (Los Angeles) has been picked up on several occasions, (5) WBAL (Baltimore).

Realisation (Stamford Grove): We confirm that you had WGY (Schenectady) direct, as this station was relayed by Germany on that night; KDKA (East Pittsburgh) may have been direct.

C.E.J. (Purley): (1) Yes, PTT Grenoble, (2) an amateur transmitter, (3) cannot trace as you give no call sign, (3) regret, cannot say as so many dance bands were working at that time.

Yarrow (Gloucester): Yes, KDKA (East Pittsburgh) and WGY (Schenectady) received direct. Your last query refers to Posen (Poland), gramophone records and election results (metronome as interval signal).

RTZ/O.V. 2./J.W.F.: (1) Regret, but details are too vague to allow of identification, (2) possibly PTT Lyons on 40.20 m., frequently relays Ecole Supérieure or the local Lyons (La Doua) station.

Pongo (Doncaster): Kattowitz, election results with gramophone records in the intervals (metronome as interval signal).

Enquiry (Lancaster): Details would tally with Leningrad.

G.A. Brooks (Mistley): PTT Lille.

Loud Speaker Three (Forest Gate): Surely this was an amateur transmitter.

Symbol (Whitecraigs): Yes, Jan Kiepura was booked to give a recital, but the programme was altered. We do not know the name of the violinist who broadcast.

Punch (Clapham Common): Warsaw, gramophone records and election results.

Grid Bias (Nottingham): (1) Yes, Münster, relaying dancing lesson from Cologne, (2) we have had many reports of this dance transmission but cannot trace origin.

Signal Box XI. (Bedford Park): PTT Lille.

E.G. M. (Preston): Yes, Kootwijk (Holland).

Atta Boy Two (Cardiff): We know of no German station on this WL., possibly an amateur.

A.E.W. Davis (Alderney): Yes, WGY (Schenectady) received direct.

W.F.G. (Loughborough): (1) Yes, Hilversum and Kootwijk (Holland).