Norma (Ilford): Malmö, relaying Bocconi’s French lesson.
Wowksi (Kirkby Stephen): Fog beacons (1000 m.).
GGM, Round Island Lighthouse, Scilly Isles.
Par Rush (Lidget Green): You give no estimate of WL but apparently an amateur transmission of gramophone records.
Birkby: (1) Frankfurt-on-Main, the early morning broadcast (gramophone records in the intervals); (2) Hamburg, the early morning broadcast of weather and news. Coupon must be sent with each enquiry.
Newco (Stanleytown): Your details are too vague; regret, cannot trace.
BM/BYWO: Frankfurt-on-Main concert of gramophone records following the relay of a musical play from Stuttgart.
A.Z. (W10): WL. surely wrong; Nürnberg was relaying Munich at that time.
Diogenes (Clapton): Much as we should like to give you the desired information, we regret we cannot do so, as you give no indication of WL. You may have heard these items from Hamburg, which at that time was relaying a concert from the Café Wallhof in Wiesbaden; most of the other stations were giving dance music; details of the programmes were not published.
Lancastrian (Rothrerham): Frankfurt-on-Main (gramophone records).
T.T. Bon (Nethercom): (a) possibly, but we have no confirmation that Stockholm took this relay; (b) Cologne; (c) amateur.
Midwell (Hadlow Tile): Amateur; we regret.
Langenberg; Temple Amateur.
Amateur: We regret, cannot trace these amateur transmitters.
Molve (Llandudno): PTT Lille, English lesson given by the local Berlitz School.
Bargee (Newport): Possibly Kalundborg took one of the German relays of WGY (Schenectady).
A. Schubert (Naples): No, KDKA (East Pittsburgh) received direct.
E. Finburgh (N.W. 8.): (1) Yes, WGY (Schenectady) received direct; (2) yes, Moscow Comintern (RDW); (3) San. Sebastian (4) yes, but Lausanne is a very weak station, but rarely heard in the United Kingdom.
Omega (Trowbridge): We regret, but it is impossible to trace as you give no estimate of WL., condenser readings do not help.
Merdow (Hanwell): Königswusterhausen, relaying concert from the Grand Play House at Berlin.
Festing (Southsea): Regret, cannot trace.