(Tunbridge Wells): It is impossible to trace station heard without some estimate of WL.  
Anxious (Wimbledon): The new transmitter at Copenhagen testing.
Anglo Swiss (Margate): Kattowitz (Poland).  
Ynot (Edenbridge): (1) Copenhagen testing; (2) Madrid (EAJ7).
Curley (Plumstead): Motala relaying dance music from the Grand Hotel at Stockholm.
Kasha (N. 5): We cannot trace any station on a WL. just below that of Berne giving a drama at that time.
Lambourne (N. 17): Cadiz (experimental concert).
Distance Urge (W. 12): (1) Details would tally with Koenigsberg; (2) Moscow Comintern (RDW).
Warren (Leeds): Kattowitz (Poland).
Lex (Bradford): An amateur transmitter but cannot trace call sign.
Knob Twister (Romford): 2NY advertised as call sign for amateur at Bilsborough (near Preston), but we doubt whether you picked up the call correctly.
Rock Fire (Lewes): (a) Details too vague, cannot trace; (b) Would tally with Vienna (Rosenhuegel).
Old Bill (Leeds): Yes WPQ (Atlantic City).
Surtax (Westcliff): Berne.
A. Z. (Ladbroke Grove): Ballyclare (Antrim).
Don (S.E. 6.): Golden Bay (Glovelly).
Russiac (Luton): The new Copenhagen transmitter testing.
Alpha (Newcastle): The only Spanish station on about this WL is Oviedo; which programmes are not published, the only certain news is on our log.
Knob Twister: The only station on about this WL using the French language is Geneva, but this studio did not advertise a transmission at that time.
Newman (Bexley): Regret, but cannot possibly trace without some estimate of WL.
D.X./234C: Cannot possibly tell you; there are a great number of stations on that WL.
Steward (Islington): The Army and Navy football match was broadcast by WEAF, WMAC, WJZ, WHN and twenty-two other stations; we cannot say what short wave transmitter took this.
Schwartz (S.W. 11): (1) Berlin (Witzleben); (2) Not Petit Parisien. If you are sure this was French, cannot trace, for we know of no other French station immediately below London.
Diode and Triode: No, this was the new transmitter at Copenhagen testing.
Ajax (St. Annes-on-Sea): Possibly this from Nauen (Germany); a number of wavelengths are used. Call signs consist of three letters of which the first two are usually AG.
32 St. Joseph Road (Handsworth): (1) Frankfurt-on-Main (gramophone records); (2) Berlin (Witzleben); (3) We believe this to be the Copenhagen transmitter testing.
P.T. (Montrose): Your WL must be wrongly estimated, the first heard tally with a broadcast from Hilversum in both instances. Later, on that date, the same studio gave a concert with well-known B.B.C. artists.