Jamo (Reading): Kalundborg testing.
Argus (S.E. 12): Yes, possibly KDKA (East Pittsburg), but cannot confirm.
S. D. Jones (Harrow): Kalundborg testing. Coupon must be sent.
Keith (Liverpool): (1) Prague. Call: A10 I Praha. Marionettes, followed by orchestral concert and dance music; (2) Can trace no station working at that time on that WL.
Towers (Guildford): Kalundborg testing.
Squibs (Barking): WL apparently wrong; Kalundborg testing; possibly taken by Copenhagen.
The Old Man (Eastbourne): Are you sure this was not Huizen which was giving a church service at that time? If so, we regret that we cannot trace. Songs at the piano were broadcast by Zurich, and relayed by Basle.
Bellasis (Goring): (1) Motala relaying from the Stockholm studio the operetta The Nuremberg Doll (Adam); (2) WL wrong; Basle, relaying concert from Zurich.
Omni 3 (Clydach): The new Copenhagen station testing.
Cemetery (Gingerunt): Kalundborg testing.
S. B. B. (Hale): Posen.
Income Tax (Westcliff): Nürnberg relaying English lesson from Munich.
Ariel (Sheffield): Hamburg. The early morning broadcast was new and weather report (gramophone records in the intervals).
D. H. (Luton): Radio Rex (Edinburgh).
Llyni (Maesteg): Kalundborg testing.
Ludus (Holt): (1) Kalundborg testing; (2) Kalundborg relaying Copenhagen. Leeds would tally with the latter programme.
Sharland (W. 12): (1) Stockholm; (2) Frankfurt-on-Main. Opera: The Might of Destiny (Verdi); (3) Rome.
The Brothers (Killinghall): Langenberg. Variety concert.
Mother’s Joy (Swindon): Langenberg.
A. B. C. (Hull): Frankfurt-on-Main.
Certayibee (N.W. 5): The new Copenhagen station testing.
Nitram (Birmingham): Posen (English Lesson).
Me Voici (Horns Rise): Posen relaying Warsaw.
Northridge (Blackrock): AGJ short-wave transmission from Nauen (Germany).
Victrix (Kendal): Hilversum. (Well-known B.B.C. artists.)
F. J. Yeo (Tavistock): You give no estimate of WL, so cannot confirm, but your details would tally with the Cassel programme.
Night Bird (Bolton): Kalundborg testing (gramophone records).
BM/BAHS (Bath): Yes, Radio LL (Paris) short-wave transmitter on about 60 m.
S. W. (Oldham): We regret that we cannot trace these short wave stations unless call sign is given or the estimate of wavelength is very accurate.
Switch Hater (S.E. 9): No, if your WL is approximately correct, Berlin, but Langenberg also used WL down at that time. The German National anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn.
Resistance Capacity