Aberdonian: (1) Kalundborg, relaying Tea Concert from Copenhagen, (2) your estimate of W.L. is too vague, regret, cannot trace. A coupon must be sent with each enquiry.  
Tommy Pratkins (Eastbourne): Frankfurt-on-Main. (Early morning physical exercises).  
Eva Brick (Southport): (1) Madrid (EAJ7), (2) you do not say if this was in the English language; if so, apparently an amateur transmission.  
Zittrer: Nürnberg, relaying Munich. Guitar concert, followed by marches by Blankenburg and news and weather.  
A Night Home (Eastbourne): Apparently a German station, but it is impossible to identify as you give no estimate of wavelength.  
Cormorant (Morecambe): Huizen (Holland), 1,840 m. Church service followed by lunch-time music.  
Scrounger (Hove): (1) Koenigs Wusterhausen, relaying Berlin. Talk before dance-music, (2) Stamboul (Turkey), about 1,180 m.  
Tea Pot (Firsby): Frankfurt-on-Main. A request programme of gramophone records.  
Anthem (Oldham): Frankfurt-on-Main, relaying dance-music from Cassel. The German National Anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian Hymn, the music of which is by Haydn.  
H. B. P. (Torquay): Huizen (Holland) testing. Gramophone records, possibly of the same service Tattoo.  
Glysal (Seething-on-Thames): Apparently an amateur transmission, but cannot-trace as you give no call sign.  
Plumbob (Leeds): (1) Yes, Oslo. Dance music until midnight. Address: Kringkastingsselskapet A/S, Stortingsgaten 24, Oslo.  
F. Merchant (Tidworth): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen. Chimes from the Town Hall at midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.).  
Oscillating (Birmingham): Motala, relaying the Changing of the Guard at the Royal Palace, Stockholm.  
Papyrus (Leigh-on-Sea): (1) Your details are too vague, regret, cannot trace, (2) yes, Breslau, a concert of gramophone records; (3) cannot trace these items at that time from any Continental station.  
Tida Dawei (Forfarshire): This was the 2LO relay of 2FC (Sydney).  
Ether Cog (Sheffield): Huizen (Holland) testing on 1,840 m. Gramophone records.  
Wireless Walter (Cranleigh): Yes, possibly KDKA (East Pittsburgh), 62.5 m., but cannot confirm as no detailed programmes are available.  
R. B. F. (Edinburgh): (1) Stuttgart (Talk). See programme in World-Radio, (2) if W.L. correct, Prague.  
Llandaff City: We regret that we cannot trace, but it is impossible to identify station heard, without some estimation of W.L. and condenser readings do not help.  
S. T. 100 (Birmingham): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb of Copenhagen. Chimes from the Town Hall at midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.).