World-Radio, (2) if W.L. correct, Prague.  
Llandaff City: We regret that we cannot trace, but it is impossible to identify station heard, without some estimation of W.L. and condenser readings do not help.  
S. T. 100 (Birmingham): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen. Chimes from the Town Hall at midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.).  
Rags (West Lothian): Munich. On 30/10/27, relaying orchestral concert from the Cafe Stadt Wien.  
Lymp 4 (Exeter): 5CK, am&teur (Nottingham).  
1 Valve (Seaton): (1) Your details would only tally with Vienna, which was broadcasting a musical comedy at that time (“Der Liebe Augustin’’); (2) Yes, Breslau.  
G. Cooke (Blackpool): Warsaw (vocal and instrumental concert).  
Very Mystified (Didcot): W.L. apparently wrong, possibly Warsaw.  
Scrounger (Hove): (1) Koenigs wusterhausen, relaying Berlin. Talk before dance music, (2) Stamboul (Turkey), about 1,180 m.  
Grid Leak (Leicester): Moscow Comintern (RDW). Special bulletins broadcast for the benefit of men’s clubs and rest houses ; they are read slowly in order to allow transcription to be made of the news.  
Beina Calafia: No, this was Breslau. The German National Anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian Hymn of which the music is by Haydn.  
Queen Fisher: Basle, relaying Berne.  
Glebo (Wallasey): Apparently Frankfurt-on-Main, relay of the third Friday Concert. “Singer” is Elizabeth Schumann. Details of programme were not advertised.  
Grip (Merthyr): It is impossible to identify station heard without some estimate of W.L. There appears little doubt that this was an Italian amateur.  
Neutrodyne (Dorking): Yes, 2XAF, short-wave transmitter of WGY (Schenectady). The General Electric Company often experiment in relays of the British transmissions, and it is quite possible on this occasion it was taking Daventry, but cannot confirm.  
Short Wave (Lincs): details much too vague, regret cannot trace. Kalundborg, relaying German lesson from Copenhagen. Chimes taken from the Town Hall at 12 noon (11 a.m. G.M.T.).  
Water Pipe (Edinburgh): Leningrad.  
J. Gibson (Glasgow): Apparently a test, but details too vague, regret cannot trace.  
2 Valver (New Southgate): (1) Nurnberg, relaying guitar concert from Munich, (2) Barcelona (EAJ1), relaying Madrid (EAJ7). Selection from a musical play.  
G. E. C. (West Derby): Moscow Comintern (RDW).  
Jam (Bristol): (1) Muenster, relaying Dortmund. Organ recital relayed from the St. Reinoldi Church, followed by a relay of a talk from Cologne via Langenberg, (2) Your details are too vague, regret cannot trace, Schoolboy. No, not Graz, this was Falun, a relay of Stockholm on 356.1 m.  
Big Ben (S.W.10): (1) Radio L.L. (Paris), (2) Milan, a lady announcer. Time signal, followed by relay of operatic (3) Nurnberg, guitar music.