Zero: New high-power station at Milan, relaying dance music from the Fiaschetteria Toscana, until 11.30 p.m. A lady announcer.  
Hibernia: (3) Naples, relaying from Theatre; (4) PTT Paris is now on about 458 m.  
New Recent (South Devon): Yes, Rome.  
Dotty (Ringwood): (1) Bilbao (EAJ9); (2) Possibly Buda-Pesth.  
G. V. W. (Earl's Court): Do you mean Friday, September 9? If so, Madrid (EAJ7).  
K. W. 4: Kalundborg (1,153.8 m.). This transmission was also heard by other listeners, but we cannot say from where the outside relay was taken, as it was not advertised in programmes.  
Yarn (Halifax): Apparently aircraft transmission (900 m.).  
Mullard 3 (Upper Tooting): Stuttgart. At 7.45 p.m. sports news, followed at 8 p.m. by variety concert. Interval signal: three notes, C, D, G, produced by oscillating valves.  
Beta (Woodford): Vienna (Rosenhuegel); interval signal: ticking of metronome.  
Drummer (Maltby): (a) Leipzig; (b) Kalundborg (1,153.8 m.) relaying Copenhagen. Press news, followed at 7.15 p.m. by time signal; (c) Apparently the same station as (2). This transmission was heard by other listeners, but we cannot say from where the outside relay was taken, as it was not advertised in programmes.  
XPT (Marseilles): On about 309 m.  
J. Stringer (Shepherd's Bush): Hanover, relaying violin and organ concert from St. Paul's Church.  
Rufus (Edinburgh): This was Kalundborg (1,153.8 m.). The outside relay was heard by other listeners, but we cannot say from where it was taken, as it was not advertised in programmes. Afterwards, this station relayed the Children's Hour, Press news, and time signal from Copenhagen.  
Exonian (Exeter): Langenberg, relaying from Cologne. The Flying Dutchman (Wagner). In the interval, sports news.  
Valvex (Sheffield): Kalundborg (1,153.8 m.) relaying Copenhagen.  
Astheclectic (Beechland): PTT Lille, which frequently relays from outside sources without previous warning.  
Amko (Harrogate): Kalundborg (1,153.8 m.) relaying Copenhagen. At 11 p.m. a relay of dance music from the Restaurant Nimb.  
Pegwell (Ramsgate): Kalundborg (1,153.8 m.). This transmission was heard by other listeners, but we cannot say from where it was taken as it was not advertised in programmes. At 6.30 p.m. relaying the Children's Hour from Copenhagen.  
Fingey (Dover): This was a relay by a French station of Le Voile Déchiré, a play broadcast by PTT Paris, but your wavelength is so vague that we cannot indentify whether Lille, Lyons, Bordeaux or Marseilles, etc.  
A. L. C. M. (Dundee): (1) Hamburg, relaying concert from the Café Wallhof; (2) Bremen, relaying concert from Sollner's Gute Stuben, (3) Regret, cannot trace.  
Novice (Wokingham): (1) Kalundborg (1,153.8 m.) relaying Copenhagen; (2) Eiffel Tower time signal.  
Sansfils (Pontypool): Hanover, relaying concert from the Café Continental.  
Risala (Co. Meath): Apparently a test, but cannot trace from which station, as your details are too vague.  
C. D. E. D. (Ealing): Frankfurt, relaying Cassel. A concert of the works of Schubert.  
Marshall (Levenshulme): We know of no transmission at 1 a.m., but your details would tally with the programme of Radio Paris at 1 p.m. on September 10, 1927. Special bulletins broadcast for the benefit of men’s clubs and rest houses. They are read slowly in order to allow transcription to be made of the news.  
A. Burden (Middlesbrough): Your wavelength is high, this was Motala relaying Stockholm. A dramatic recital, A Meeting of the Pickwicks. See programme in World-Radio.  
R. B. 2V (West Ealing): This was a German station, as the National Anthem for that country is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn, of which the music is by Haydn. If your estimate of wavelength is correct, this was Stettin, relaying Berlin, but the latter station was not advertised to close down until midnight.  
R. A. J. B. (Cosham): (1) Cannot trace; (2) Barcelona [EAJ1]; (3) Bruenn; (4) Bergen, relaying Evensong from Cathedral; (5) Possibly Lille, but programmes are not available; (6) Breslau (film legends); (7) PTT Lyons (own concert); (8) yes, details would tally with Milan relaying the opera Andrea Chénier (Giordano); (9) if your estimated W.L. is correct, this was Rjukan, relaying dance music from the Grand Hotel at Oslo; (10) KDKA (East Pittsburg), the Elks Male Quartet from New York, followed at 4 a.m. by weather and baseball scores (see programme in World-Radio); (11) Rome (instrumental and vocal concert); (12) apparently Stamboul (Turkey), but no detailed programmes available; (13) Huizen (Holland) testing on about 1,870 m.; (14) cannot identify transmitter from any advertised programmes.  
Shipy (York): (1) Prague. From 9.10 to 10 p.m., variety concert, followed by time signal (six dots, as Greenwich) and news bulletin; (2) Bratislava, relaying news bulletin from Prague.  
V. G. (Ealing): Yes, Langenberg (carillon from studio).  
El Buscador (Frome): (1) Yes, Warsaw (a lady announcer). Police news, time, aviation notes, weather and news; (2) yes, Berlin (Witzleben).  
Straight Three: The German National Anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn, of which the music is by Haydn.  
Quones: Your estimate of WL. is rather vague, but details would tally with Gleiwitz, relaying Breslau. Revue, followed by dance music until midnight.  
Cadzow: Kalundborg (1,153.3 m.) relaying service from the Garrison Church at Copenhagen.  
Crystal (Weybridge): Langenberg (carillon from studio).  
Tambour (Walthamstow): Yes, Langenberg, relaying Stuttgart (see programme in World-Radio). The carillon was from the Langenberg studio.  
R. H. M. (Wallington): Motala; at 11.30 relaying church service from Stockholm.  
P. 757970 (Brighton): Naples. Vocal and instrumental concert.  
Aerial GG. (Golders Green): Cannot trace item in programmes, but possibly Hanover, which was relaying a concert from the Café Continental at that time.  
F. G. N. (Reading): Yes, Bilbao (EAJ9).  
Sharland 2V (W.12):  
6th Form (Reigate): We understand that the PTT relay station at Bourges is now carrying out tests on about 500 m.; in this case, you have heard a relay on this WL. of PTT, Paris (the mother station).  
Nobby Clarke (Maidenhead): (1) Rome, relaying from Theatre; (2) Bruenn, relaying orchestral concert from the Café Rosenbreier; (3) can trace no German station giving an English lesson at that time; (4) Koenigsberg; (5) if your estimate of WL. is correct, this was Gothenberg, relaying Stockholm.  
Grid Leak (Oxford): Your details are very vague, but possibly Cadiz (EAJ3), experimental concert.  
H. F. 42: (a) Regret, cannot trace item in programmes. Was this talk given in the English language? (b) Berne (a lady announcer). Closes down with announcement in German, French, Italian and English.  
X. Y. Z. (Wolverhampton): Scheveningen-Haven, Holland (1,950 m.). Stock Exchange quotations, market prices, etc., only.  
A.1 (Hereford): We cannot identify this transmission, the item does not appear in any published programme.  
Mill Lad (Manchester): Your details are rather vague, but possibly Radio Paris.  
Sherborne (Southend-on-Sea): Moscow (RDW). Special bulletins broadcast for the benefit of men’s clubs and rest houses. They are read slowly in order to allow transcription to be made of the news.  
1 Valver (Rugeley): Yes, Madrid (EAJ7).  
Straight Two (Glasgow): Motala relaying Festivities in connection with the 450th anniversary of the founding of the University of Uppsala (Sweden).  
Sherborne (Southend): Motala relaying dance music from Stockholm.  
Wireless Walter (Cranleigh): We regret that we cannot trace. Your information is too vague.  
Psitive Terminal (Blackrock, Dublin): Yes, Motala relaying concert from Stockholm. The Stockholm call is always heard, namely, Stockholms Rundradio.  
Aero (Hull): This was Kalundborg (Denmark) relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb, Copenhagen.  
Chef (Shepherd’s Bush): Yes, Milan; it frequently happens that some of the items in the programme are altered.  
Very Keen (Ben Rhydding): Apparently Muenster relaying the carillon of the Cologne Studio via Langenberg.  
H.G.S. (Dublin): (1) The German station working on a wavelength nearest to your estimation, at about that time, was Hanover, which relayed a concert from the Café Continental. Breslau is now on 322 metres. You may possibly have heard Koenigsberg with which the details given by you would also tally.  
(2) Bilbao (EAJ11).  
Etherite (Norwich): We can trace no station broadcasting an opera by Wagner at that time. Berlin gave The Vampire (Marschner). If you heard the same programme from Dortmund, it was Orpheus in the Underworld (Offenbach) transmitted by Langenberg.  
Elstree (Leeds)-Stiffy (Liverpool): Milan (altered programme); a relay from a theatre of a performance of Verdi’s opera Aida. Confirmed by many listeners.