fragment: by time signal (six dots, as Greenwich) and news bulletin; (2) Bratislava, relaying news bulletin from Prague.
V. G. (Ealing): Yes, Langenberg (carillon from studio).
El Buscador (Frome): (1) Yes, Warsaw (a lady announcer). Police news, time, aviation notes, weather and news; (2) yes, Berlin (Witzleben).
Straight Three: The German National Anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn, of which the music is by Haydn.
Quones: Your estimate of WL. is rather vague, but details would tally with Gleiwitz, relaying Breslau. Revue, followed by dance music until midnight.
Cadzow: Kalundborg (1,153.3 m.) relaying service from the Garrison Church at Copenhagen.
Crystal (Weybridge): Langenberg (carillon from studio).
Tambour (Walthamstow): Yes, Langenberg, relaying Stuttgart (see programme in World-Radio). The carillon was from the Langenberg studio.
R. H. M. (Wallington): Motala; at 11.30 relaying church service from Stockholm.
P. 757970 (Brighton): Naples. Vocal and instrumental concert.
Aerial GG. (Golders Green): Cannot trace item in programmes, but possibly Hanover, which was relaying a concert from the Café Continental at that time.
F. G. N. (Reading): Yes, Bilbao (EAJ9).
Sharland 2V (W.12): 6th Form (Reigate): We understand that the PTT relay station at Bourges is now carrying out tests on about 500 m.; in this case, you have heard a relay on this WL. of PTT, Paris (the mother station).
Nobby Clarke (Maidenhead): (1) Rome, relaying from Theatre; (2) Bruenn, relaying orchestral concert from the Café Rosenbreier; (3) can trace no German station giving an English lesson at that time; (4) Koenigsberg; (5) if your estimate of WL. is correct, this was Gothenberg, relaying Stockholm.
Grid Leak (Oxford): Your details are very vague, but possibly Cadiz (EAJ3), experimental concert.
H. F. 42: (a) Regret, cannot trace item in programmes. Was this talk given in the English language? (b) Berne (a lady announcer). Closes down with announcement in German, French, Italian and English.
X. Y. Z. (Wolverhampton): Scheveningen-Haven, Holland (1,950 m.). Stock Exchange quotations, market prices, etc., only.
A.1 (Hereford): We cannot identify this transmission, the item does not appear in any published programme.
Mill Lad (Manchester):