Fingey (Dover): This was a relay by a French station of Le Voile Déchiré, a play broadcast by PTT Paris, but your wavelength is so vague that we cannot indentify whether Lille, Lyons, Bordeaux or Marseilles, etc.

A. L. C. M. (Dundee): (1) Hamburg, relaying concert from the Café Wallhof; (2) Bremen, relaying concert from Sollner's Gute Stuben, (3) Regret, cannot trace.

Novice (Wokingham): (1) Kalundborg (1,153.8 m.) relaying Copenhagen; (2) Eiffel Tower time signal.

Sansfils (Pontypool): Hanover, relaying concert from the Café Continental.

Risala (Co. Meath): Apparently a test, but cannot trace from which station, as your details are too vague.

C. D. E. D. (Ealing): Frankfurt, relaying Cassel. A concert of the works of Schubert.

Marshall (Levenshulme): We know of no transmission at 1 a.m., but your details would tally with the programme of Radio Paris at 1 p.m. on September 10, 1927. Special bulletins broadcast for the benefit of men’s clubs and rest houses. They are read slowly in order to allow transcription to be made of the news.

A. Burden (Middlesbrough): Your wavelength is high, this was Motala relaying Stockholm. A dramatic recital, A Meeting of the Pickwicks. See programme in World-Radio.

R. B. 2V (West Ealing): This was a German station, as the National Anthem for that country is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn, of which the music is by Haydn. If your estimate of wavelength is correct, this was Stettin, relaying Berlin, but the latter station was not advertised to close down until midnight.

R. A. J. B. (Cosham): (1) Cannot trace; (2) Barcelona [EAJ1]; (3) Bruenn; (4) Bergen, relaying Evensong from Cathedral; (5) Possibly Lille, but programmes are not available; (6) Breslau (film legends); (7) PTT Lyons (own concert); (8) yes, details would tally with Milan relaying the opera Andrea Chénier (Giordano); (9) if your estimated W.L. is correct, this was Rjukan, relaying dance music from the Grand Hotel at Oslo; (10) KDKA (East Pittsburg), the Elks Male Quartet from New York, followed at 4 a.m. by weather and baseball scores (see programme in World-Radio); (11) Rome (instrumental and vocal concert); (12) apparently Stamboul (Turkey), but no detailed programmes available; (13) Huizen (Holland) testing on about 1,870 m.; (14) cannot identify transmitter from any advertised programmes.

Shipy (York): (1) Prague. From 9.10 to 10 p.m., variety concert, followed by time signal (six o'clock news and news bulletin). (2) Bratislava, relaying concert from Prague.