London Calling (Kings Lynn): If you are sure the language was Dutch, this was Hilversum relaying an orchestral concert from the Kurhaus at Scheveningen, but your details would also tally with Koenigswusterhausen, which was relaying an orchestral concert of operetta music from the works of Lotzing, from Berlin.
M.I.Y. (Westcliff on-Sea): Barcelona (EAJ13), 462 m.
Tocsin (Sheffield): (1) Hilversum, gramophone records, (2) either Langenberg or Oslo; both stations were giving dance music at that time. The latter was relaying from the Hotel Bristol, (3) Rome, instrumental and vocal concert.
B.W.2V (Oldburg): (1) Berlin (Witzleben), (2) Frankfurt-on-Main (428.6 m.), dance music until 12.30 a.m. 22/8/'27, (3) Langenberg relaying dance music from Cologne.
Double Reaction (Highgate): Yes, this was Hilversum. The newest gramophone records.
Quatre V (Pontypool): If your estimated wavelength is correct, this would be Belgrade, testing on about 1,650 metres, but a new high-power station at Kharkov (Russia) is also said to be testing on about 1,750 m.
Squidgers (Haslemere): Yes, quite possibly WGY (Schenectady).
G.E. Blake (Oak Hall, Haverfordwest): If your interval signal that you heard would tally with that given by the Budapest station, i.e., oscillating valve on two notes. The dots of somewhat higher tone then the dash, but you give no programme items, so we cannot confirm.
Iorwen (Llandudno): If your estimated WL. is correct, this was Leipzig relaying dance music from Berlin, but the latter station did not advertise an outside relay. Bergen was taking dance music from the Boulevard Restaurant at that time.
All Wave Two-Valver (Dublin): Regret, cannot trace, as your details are too vague; so many stations on a W.L. from 250 to 300 m. were giving dance music at that hour.
Spanspace (Southend-on-Sea): The only French station that advertised an orchestral concert at that time was Radio Lyon, but this was not an outside relay. It is almost impossible to establish WL. from condenser settings, unless you give readings of stations you have identified on either side of the one of which you are in doubt.
"Pip" (Edgware): We are sending your enquiry to the amateur whom you heard calling.
Snell OV2 (Liverpool): Questions 1-4 concern morse telegraphy stations and therefore do not come within the scope of our service.
Sydney (Bath): Your WL. is surely wrong; this was Langenberg, relaying orchestral concert from Dortmund, until midnight. Berlin (Witzleben) did not work so late on that evening.
Bogey 5 (Somerset): Prague. Popular concert relayed from a restaurant. (Call - "Hallo! Praha.")
Split Secondary: (1) Possibly Bilbao, Radio Vizcaya (EAJ11); (2) Possibly Milan, but this station was not advertised to work after 11.30 p.m.; (3) Yes, PTT Lille; (4) Vienna (Rosenhuegel), programme of one-act plays; (5) PTT Lyons, relaying; PTT Paris (at 10.30 p.m. dance music relayed from the Coliseum, Paris); (6) Berlin (Witzleben); (7) Cannot trace items in any European programme, but reports of this transmission have been received from many listeners, and we have reason to believe that this was the new PTT station at Rennes, testing on about 320 m.; (8) Petit Parisien, Paris.
A. Neal (Nunthorpe): (1) Hilversum (the newest gramophone records); (2) Koenigswusterhausen, relaying orchestral concert from Berlin; (3) Langenberg; (4) Possibly WJZ, Boundbrook, 454.3 m.
Radio Mad: (1) Although not advertised in programmes, details would point to a late transmission from Warsaw. Confirmed by other listeners; (2) Your details are too vague; possibly Leipzig.
Buckrose (Driffield):
4 Valves (Llanelly): Reports of this transmission have been received from many listeners, and although not advertised in programmes all details would point to Warsaw. Call (phonetic): “Rhalo! Rhalo! Polskie Raadjo Varscheva.”
Shortwavve (Scarborough): It is impossible to establish W.L. from your dial settings; quite possibly a foreign station relaying 5GB.
Mrs. B. Long (W. Kensington): Regret it is impossible to trace without some estimation of W.L. Coupon must be sent with each inquiry.
Powerful 3 (Hull): (2) Your W.L. is wrong; it was Hilversum (1,060 m.). A concert of the newest gramophone records. Confirmed by other listeners.
Sands: Regret, cannot trace, as you do not say from which B.B.C. Station you heard the talk given by Mr. Val Gielgud.
2 Valve Amplifier (Richmond): Berne, relaying orchestral concert from Kursaal.
D. H. S. (Glasgow): Yes, Frankfort-on-Main (the gramophone records).
Fulwood (Cadley): Primrose (Eastbourne); BM/BXAK.
D. Scott (Crofton Park): This transmission was not advertised in any European programme, but all details would point to the new PTT station at Rennes testing on a W.L. of about 320 m.
B. S. A. (Hastings): Possibly Bilbao, Radio Vizcaya (EAJ11).
2 V.H.V.: (88) Your W.L. is surely wrong; can trace no transmission of opera on or about 355 m. Koenigsberg was giving a concert of vocal and instrumental music.
Stuart (Guildford): Your details are rather vague, but possibly the new station at Kharkov (Russia), testing on about 1,750 m.
E. C. J. (Croydon): Neutro.
W. J. M. (Weald): Although not advertised in programmes, details would point to a late transmission from Warsaw.
Loudspeaker (Lower Pileover Heath): Rhalo! Rhalo! Polskiie Raadijo Varsechava.
Shorthwave (Scarborough): It is impossible to establish W.L. from your dial settings; quite possibly a foreign station relaying 5GB.
Mrs. B. Long (W. Kensington): Regret it is impossible to trace without some estimation of WL. Coupon must be sent with each inquiry.
Powerful 3 (Hull): Your WL is wrong, this was Hilversum (1,060 m.). A concert of the newest gramophone records. Confirmed by other listeners.
Sands: Regret I cannot trace, as you do not say from which B.B.C. station you heard the talk given by Mr. Val Gielgud.
2 Valve Amplifier (Richmond): Berne, relaying orchestral concert from Kursaal.
D. H. S. (Glasgow): Yes, Frankfort-on-Main. (new gramophone records).
Fulwood (Cadley): Primrose. BM/BXAK;
D. Scott (Crofton Park): This transmission was not advertised in any European programme, but all details would point to the new PTT, the new high power testing on a WL. of about 320 m.
B. S. A. (Hastings): Possibly Bilbao, Radio Vizcaya (EAJ11).
2 VHV: (88) Your WL is surely wrong, can trace no transmission of opera on or about 355 m. Koenigsberg was giving a concert of vocal and instrumental music.
Stuart (Guildford): Your details are rather vague, but possibly the new station at Kharkov (Russia) testing on about 1,750 m.
C. J. (Croydon): Neutron.
W. J. M. (Weald): Although not advertised in programmes, details would point to a late transmission from Warsaw.
Twiddler (Hove): Hilversum.
Fir Pole (Iver Heath): The only French station that advertised a concert at that time was Radio Lyons, but this was not an outside relay. It is possible that Lille broadcast from some outside source, but the programmes of this station are not available.
Interested (Chesterfield): Hilversum at 1.55 p.m. on August 21. Lilac Time (music by Schubert).
M. B. (Ross-shire): Your term "short wave" is misleading; we cannot trace a transmission from the settings of your condensers.
Ardsier Solodyne; R. C. Hanson (Nottingham): Possibly the new high power station at Kharkov (Russia) testing on 1,750 m.
Kid Boots (Nottingham): PTT Marseilles.
Safety (Bexhill): Undoubtedly Brussels.
Always Tired (Burgh): This was Hilversum. From 12.10 to 1.10 p.m. a concert of the newest gramophone records.
J. N. B. (Hove): No, this is more likely to be Dublin, which was giving dance music at that time.