Rhalo! Rhalo! Polskiie Raadijo Varsechava.

Shorthwave (Scarborough): It is impossible to establish W.L. from your dial settings; quite possibly a foreign station relaying 5GB.

Mrs. B. Long (W. Kensington): Regret it is impossible to trace without some estimation of WL. Coupon must be sent with each inquiry. 

Powerful 3 (Hull): Your WL is wrong, this was Hilversum (1,060 m.). A concert of the newest gramophone records. Confirmed by other listeners.

Sands: Regret I cannot trace, as you do not say from which B.B.C. station you heard the talk given by Mr. Val Gielgud. 

2 Valve Amplifier (Richmond): Berne, relaying orchestral concert from Kursaal. 

D. H. S. (Glasgow): Yes, Frankfort-on-Main. (new gramophone records).

Fulwood (Cadley): Primrose.

BM/BXAK; D. Scott (Crofton Park): This transmission was not advertised in any European programme, but all details would point to the new PTT, the new high power testing on a WL. of about 320 m. 

B. S. A. (Hastings): Possibly Bilbao, Radio Vizcaya (EAJ11).

2 VHV: (88) Your WL is surely wrong, can trace no transmission of opera on or about 355 m. Koenigsberg was giving a concert of vocal and instrumental music. 

Stuart (Guildford): Your details are rather vague, but possibly the new station at Kharkov (Russia) testing on about 1,750 m. 

C. J. (Croydon): Neutron.

W. J. M. (Weald): Although not advertised in programmes, details would point to a late transmission from Warsaw. 

Twiddler (Hove): Hilversum.

Fir Pole (Iver Heath): The only French station that advertised a concert at that time was Radio Lyons, but this was not an outside relay. It is possible that Lille broadcast from some outside source, but the programmes of this station are not available. 

Interested (Chesterfield): Hilversum at 1.55 p.m. on August 21. Lilac Time (music by Schubert).

M. B. (Ross-shire): Your term "short wave" is misleading; we cannot trace a transmission from the settings of your condensers. 

Ardsier Solodyne; R. C. Hanson (Nottingham): Possibly the new high power station at Kharkov (Russia) testing on 1,750 m. 

Kid Boots (Nottingham): PTT Marseilles.

Safety (Bexhill): Undoubtedly Brussels. 

Always Tired (Burgh): This was Hilversum. From 12.10 to 1.10 p.m. a concert of the newest gramophone records. 

J. N. B. (Hove): No, this is more likely to be Dublin, which was giving dance music at that time.