London Calling (Kings Lynn): If you are sure the language was Dutch, this was Hilversum relaying an orchestral concert from the Kurhaus at Scheveningen, but your details would also tally with Koenigswusterhausen, which was relaying an orchestral concert of operetta music from the works of Lotzing, from Berlin.
M.I.Y. (Westcliff on-Sea): Barcelona (EAJ13), 462 m.
Tocsin (Sheffield): (1) Hilversum, gramophone records, (2) either Langenberg or Oslo; both stations were giving dance music at that time. The latter was relaying from the Hotel Bristol, (3) Rome, instrumental and vocal concert.
B.W.2V (Oldburg): (1) Berlin (Witzleben), (2) Frankfurt-on-Main (428.6 m.), dance music until 12.30 a.m. 22/8/'27, (3) Langenberg relaying dance music from Cologne.
Double Reaction (Highgate): Yes, this was Hilversum. The newest gramophone records.
Quatre V (Pontypool): If your estimated wavelength is correct, this would be Belgrade, testing on about 1,650 metres, but a new high-power station at Kharkov (Russia) is also said to be testing on about 1,750 m.
Squidgers (Haslemere): Yes, quite possibly WGY (Schenectady).
G.E. Blake (Oak Hall, Haverfordwest): If your interval signal that you heard would tally with that given by the Budapest station, i.e., oscillating valve on two notes. The dots of somewhat higher tone then the dash, but you give no programme items, so we cannot confirm.
Iorwen (Llandudno): If your estimated WL. is correct, this was Leipzig relaying dance music from Berlin, but the latter station did not advertise an outside relay. Bergen was taking dance music from the Boulevard Restaurant at that time.
All Wave Two-Valver (Dublin): Regret, cannot trace, as your details are too vague; so many stations on a W.L. from 250 to 300 m. were giving dance music at that hour.
Spanspace (Southend-on-Sea): The only French station that advertised an orchestral concert at that time was Radio Lyon, but this was not an outside relay. It is almost impossible to establish WL. from condenser settings, unless you give readings of stations you have identified on either side of the one of which you are in doubt.
"Pip" (Edgware): We are sending your enquiry to the amateur whom you heard calling.
Snell OV2 (Liverpool): Questions 1-4 concern morse telegraphy stations and therefore do not come within the scope of our service.
Sydney (Bath): Your W.L. is surely wrong; Stuttgart, giving orchestral concert from Dortmund.