too vague, cannot trace.  
Schoolboy (Northumberland): No, not WIZ, this was the short-wave transmitter of KDKA on about 45 m.  
J.W. Singleton (Reigate): Kharkov (Narkompotchel), not guitar, but Balalaika.  
R. Hill (Hazel Grove): Moscow Comintern (RDW) relaying festival in celebration of the 10th anniversary of the Soviet Union from the Academic Theatre.  
Eldon (Liverpool): We believe this to be the new station at Almeria (Spain), possibly relaying Madrid (EAJ7).  
Perplexed (Ripponden): Huizen (Holland) relaying church service from the St. Michael's Church at Zwolle.  
C.T.S. (Woodside): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen.  
H.G. King (Barnstead): Madrid (EAJ7).  
Yak How (Cumberland): Yes, Kharkov (Narkompotchel) working on about 1,700 m.  
Novice (Norwich): Huizen (Holland), 1,840 m., Belfast, relaying service from St. Cuthbert’s Parish Church at Edinburgh.  
Derrick (Glamorganshire): Amateur transmission, cannot trace as call sign incomplete.  
Albert E. Smith (Essex): Details and estimate of WL. too vague, regret cannot trace.  
Faust (The Leas): Do you mean Saturday, November 5? If so, Kovno (Lithuania), relaying from the National Theatre. This station did not advertise a relay of an opera on Sunday, November 6.  
Dorn (Glasgow): Moscow Comintern (RDW) relaying festival in celebration of the 10th anniversary of the Soviet Union from the Academic Theatre.  
Cat’s Whisker (Cattford): Madrid (EAJ7).  
Derf (Morley): (1) Yes, Moscow Comintern (RDW) relaying from the Academic Theatre. Festival in celebration of the 10th anniversary of the Soviet Union, (2) Huizen (Holland), 1,840 m. Church service.  
Screened Valve (Brighton): Madrid (EAJ7) a selection from a musical play.  
Mount Park: Yes, Belfast relaying service from St. Cuthbert’s Parish Church at Edinburgh.  
Jobber (Leyton): You do not say if this was in the English language: if so, apparently an amateur transmission, but cannot trace as you give no call.  
Chitos (Belfast): Stuttgart, relaying Czecho-Slovakian concert from Frankfurt-on-Main.  
T.G.C. Hart (Broughton): Falun (357.7 m.) relaying Stockholm. See programme for latter station in World-Radio.  
F.S. (Haven Green, Ealing): Leipzig.  
Florenceville (Thorpe Bay): Your estimate of WL. is very vague; possibly Lille PTT, but details of programme were not published.  
Milfordinian: WL. apparently wrong; your details would tally with Prague. The item you heard was not advertised in any other Continental programme.  
Sapper (Midlothian): This was Posen (Poland) from 7.30 to 9 p.m. organ concert. Possibly on 344.8 m.  
Combine 5 (Aberdeen): (1) Your details would tally with Stockholm. Possibly recorded in full through Göteborg. (2) This was Posen.