fragment: music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen.  
Mullard (Wembley Park): Nürnberg, relaying Munich.  
J. R. M. (Lincoln): (1) Norddeich (weather report), (2) your details are vague, but if WL. correct, Motala, working later than advertised in programmes, (3) possibly KDKA (East Pittsburgh) on 315.6 m.  
All Wave Four (Halifax): Barcelona (EAJ13).  
Reinafter One (Bristol): 2FL advertised as amateur, George Street, Warminster.  
Magneto: We do not understand your date; Monday was September 26, not 24. If German, and Lady announcer, possibly Berne, working later than advertised in programmes.  
Walter Ellis (Whalley, near Blackburn): Many thanks for your long letter. You will find references to the Dempsey-Tunney match in last week’s Correspondence Columns and in Via Ether. There is no doubt that you heard the Stuttgart relay of this transmission.  
Jack the Dog (Alderbury): Motala taking dance music from Grand Hotel Royal, Stockholm.  
Novice (Wokingham): (1) Frankfurt-on-Main (English lesson); (2) apparently Berne.  
Violet (Brighton): (1) Munich (2) Motala relaying dance music from Grand Hotel Royal, Stockholm, was not advertised in Göteborg programmes at that time: possibly Bilbao (EAJ11).  
Straight Two (Glasgow): Details given are somewhat scanty, but transmission would tally with lunch-hour music from Hilversum.  
E. D. Sawyer (St. Margarets): It is impossible to identify transmitter unless you give us some idea of wave-length.  
Superright (W.C.): Possibly P.T.T. Rennes; it is still in the testing stage.  
Long Hackle (Beckenham): Cannot trace this item in programmes at that time, although from reports from other listeners we believe that you heard the Munich transmission.  
Ugly (Muswell Hill): Please read our instructions. We are holding over your queries and if you care to send in the necessary coupons we shall be pleased to reply to them in our next issue.  
Oundle: A performance of Gounod’s Faust was not advertised in any European programme, but from reports received from listeners we are inclined to believe that it was given by Moscow-Comintern (Russia); probably a concert version from the Trades Union Hall, Moscow, from which transmissions are frequently relayed.