E. J. B. (S.E. 22): Kaiserslautern (204.1 m.) relaying Munich, Radioni Circus.
J. O. (Derry): (1) Bergen; English lesson by F. L. M. Somerville; (2) Cologne (chimes from the studio) at 6.35 p.m. G.M.T., sports news.
SET (Barling, Southend-on-Sea): Königswusterhausen, relaying Breslau revue, Hallo! the Earth.
Mac (Glasgow): An amateur transmission but you apparently misunderstood the call sign, as we have ascertained that 6MW was not working on that date.
Semloh (Streatham Common): Stettin, relaying Berlin; drama: Brand (Ibsen); also orchestral selections.
Det. 2L.F. (Newcombe Road, Leicester): PTT Lille, relaying from the Lilliana Dance Hall.
C. A. V. (Barnsley): Breslau; revue, Hallo! the Earth.
N. D. P. (Curious): This was a broadcast of the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington; it was relayed by many U.S.A. stations and also rebroadcast by most of the German transmitters; you received this through Cologne. See paragraph in last week’s Via Ether.
F. Parr (nr. Halifax): Yes, WEAF (New York) received direct.
Bunny (Stroud): Dublin (news and weather).
H. Lord (Lincolnshire): 2NM, amateur; Caterham, Surrey.
Geo Dee (Kensal Rise): TRI, wireless club transmitter at Copenhagen.
G. H. L. (N.I.): A Polish station broadcasting election results with gramophone records in the intervals; either Posen or Kattowitcz.
O-V-1 (Birmingham): Eiffel Tower testing on short waves.
Morse Martyr (Southampton): (1) Hamburg broadcasting the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington on his return from his flight to Mexico and other South American States; this was taken by many of the German stations; (2) apparently WPG (Atlantic City) received direct.
BM/EXGQ: Copenhagen (Harmonica concert).
Filament: We regret, but it is impossible to trace these short-wave transmissions unless the estimes of WL. is much more definite; apparently a short-wave U.S.A. station, but cannot say which.
The Owl (Lincoln): Posen, broadcasting election results with gramophone records in the intervals.
Melody 3 (Clapham Common): (1) We know of no Swedish relay station between 1,330 and 1,350 kc.; possibly Karlstad working on slightly higher WL.; (2) if WL. approximately correct, Strasbourg (announcements in French and German).
BR879 (Burnley): The French station over the Eiffel Tower, but we know of no German station on that WL.
Pass Book (Brighton): 2ME (Sydney), which would be working at that time.
Mentor (Bradmore): Posen, relaying dance music from the Palais Royal Restaurant.
Three Valve (Rochdale): Yes, Kaiserslautern relaying Munich; interval signal; siren.
Two Valvor (Reditch): Kalundborg. Rochdale): Yes, Kaiserslautern relaying Munich: interval signal: siren.
Two Valvor (Redifield): (1) Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen; (2) Madrid (EAJ7); Michael Strogoff (Jules Verne), a play relayed from the New Theatre; (3) Koenigs Wusterhausen, relaying dance music from the Central Hötel at Berlin.
Pecheur (Grantham, Lincs): (1) PTT Lille, relaying dance music from the Lilliana Dance Hall; (2) Aachen (Aix-la-Chapelle), relaying Cologne; (3) PTT Paris; (4) details are too vague, regret, cannot trace.
Westminster (Iliminster): A Polish station, broadcasting election results with gramophone records in the intervals; possibly Wilno.
M. N. T. F. (W.14): Posen, call:* Allo! Radio Posnan.
Lodge End (Doncaster): Koenigs Wusterhausen, relaying revue, Hallo! the Earth, from Breslau.
3 VPH (Edinburgh): The only station which you might have picked up in the neighbourhood is Stamboul, but we cannot confirm as no details are published in the programme.
Anorphous (Taunton): Eiffel Tower working on short waves; we know of no short-wave station at Agen.
Low Frequency (Portslade by-Sea): Milan (sports news).
Tired Hands (Stratford): (1) Toledo; (2) Posen, call; (3) Madrid (EAJ7); play is Michael Strogoff (Jules Verne), relayed from the New Theatre.
Hipp (Plymouth): (1) It is quite possible that the orchestral concert was taken by Bandoeng (Java), but we cannot say who relayed it; (2) we regret, but we cannot give wavelengths of amateur transmitters.
F. W. (Manor Park): Regret, but cannot trace in programmes; it is very difficult to trace without some estimate of WL.
Interested (Blackpool): Langenberg, relaying Cologne (chimes from the Cathedral); the German National Anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn (music by Haydn).
Shakespeare (Stratford-on-Avon): Breslau, revue, Hallo! the Earth.
F. Askew (Clapton): Your details and estimate of WL. are much too vague, regret, cannot trace.
P. M. O. K. (Wandsworth): Kaiserslautern, 204.1 m. (1,470 kc.), 5 kw., a relay of Munich. Approximate distance from London 400 miles.
Anchor (Leith): Yes, Kattowitz; call, Hallo! Polskie Radio Kattowice.
Zadok (Leeds): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen. English literature, a talk by G. Campbell McCallum: The English Roman.
Waved (Purley): WL, apparently wrong details (tally with Rome a lady announcer); instrumental concert followed by news at 9.50 p.m. G.M.T. and close down.
Amplifier (Bristol): An amateur transmission, but cannot trace as you give no call sign.
Govibepashepúsh: Cologne (concert of classical and dance music.)
Lewis: Leipzig.
Interested (Blackpool): Langenberg, relaying Cologne (chimes from the studio); the German National Anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn (music by Haydn).
Shakespeare (Stratford-on-Avon): Breslau, revue, Hallo! the Earth.
F. Askew (Clapton): Your details and estimate of W.L. are much too vague, regret cannot trace.
P. M. O. K. (Wandsworth): Kaiserslautern, 204.1 m. (1,470 kc.), 5 kw., a relay of Munich. Approximate distance from London 400 miles.
Anchor (Leith): Yes, Kattowitz; call, Hallo! Polskie Radio Kattowice.
Zadok (Leeds): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen. English literature, a talk by O. Campbell McCallum: The English Roman.
Wavd (Purley): W.L. apparently wrong; details tally with Rome (a lady announcer); instrumental concert followed by news at 9.50 p.m. G.M.T. and close down.
Amplifier (Bristol): An amateur transmission, but cannot trace as you give no call sign.
Gowibepashepush: Cologne (concert of classical and dance music); French station slightly below, possibly PTT Lille.
Novice (Lowes): Leipzig, relaying dance music from the Central Hotel at Berlin until 11.30 p.m. G.M.T.
Fretwork (Ken): Nordeich (Germany) weather report.
Screen Golf (Cardiff): PTT Rennes, relaying English lesson by the Berlitz School from PTT Paris.
Yorker (Whitby): Kalundborg, relaying symphonic concert from Copenhagen.
Afax (Wigan): 2XD advertised as amateur at Swansea.
F. F. (Houton): Stuttgart, relaying the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington on his return from his flight to Mexico and other South American States. See paragraph with reference to this broadcast in last week's TIA Ether.
Noises (Putney): (1) PTT Rennes, relaying PTT Paris'; (2) Cologne (283 m.) and Münster (241 m.) both relay Langenberg. Coupon must be sent with each inquiry.
Shamrock: Posen (Poland) broadcasting election results (gramophone records in the intervals).
Cube Screen Three: Most of the German stations were relaying U.S.A. transmissions on that date. If your estimate of W.L. is approximately correct, you received this through Berlin (Witzleben).
Night Hawk: Hamburg, relaying Strauss concert from the Restaurant Ostermann until 11 p.m. G.M.T.; dance music followed until 11.30 p.m. G.M.T.
Sunnydene (Witney): 7RL, wireless club transmitter at Copenhagen.
A. L. R. (Stratford): (1) No, but if W.L., approximately correct possibly Radio Vitus; (2) Breslau relaying Berlin; (3) Hamburg, relaying Strauss concert from the Restaurant Ostermann'; (4) no estimate of W.L. given, regret, cannot trace.
Engzilt (Beccles): No, not Helsingfors; possibly.Radio LL, Paris.
Novice (S.E.20): Apparently one of the Polish stations giving election results (gramophone records in the intervals), but cannot say which as you give no estimate of WL.
Spa (Hendon): Yes, a relay of Stockholm; apparently Trolhattan, which would be the nearest to your estimate of WL.
E. C. H. G. (North Shields): Cologne, news, weather and sport, followed by concert of classical and dance music.
H. G. J. (Sheringham): San Sebastian (a lady announcer).
Slider Set (Suffolk): Yes, both German stations, as the National Anthem for that country is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn (music by Haydn). As you give no estimate of WL we cannot say which German stations you hear.
School House (Abbeyhill, Edinburgh): Apparently WGY (Schenectady), as your details do not tally with the programmes for Stuttgart or Madrid (EAJ7).
Langham Joyce (Rustington): This was Motala, relaying dance music from Stockholm until 11 p.m. G.M.T.
Conydene (Lines.): A harmonic of 5XX.
W. W. (Bethnal Green): A relay of PTT Paris (English lesson by the Berlitz School).
Brennes 3 Valves (Southport): (1) Possibly Munster; most of the German stations were relaying U.S.A. transmissions on that date; (2) we do not know what stations they relayed as no details were advertised in programme; (3) details are much too vague, regret, cannot trace; so many short-wave stations on wavelengths between 30 and 34 metres.
E. S. J. (Swindon): An amateur transmission, but cannot trace as you give no call sign.
L. O. J. (Belfast): (1) Stettin, relaying Berlin (six days’ cycle races, relayed from the Sports Palace at Berlin); (2) PTT Lille, relaying dance music from the Lilliania Dance Hall; (3) Kaiserslautern (204.1 m.) relaying Munich (Radiol Circus).
Ganiv (Ireland): Regret, but cannot trace Morse stations.
P.M.2, 3 Valve (Andover): (1) Radio Vitus; (2) Hanover, relaying from the Café Deutschland, Altona, via Hamburg.
Bee (Streetly): Your details are too vague, regret, cannot trace.
Snanton 3 Valver: (1) Radio Paris, relaying church service from Notre Dame (quite possibly a gramophone record followed); (2) Kovno (Lithuania).
Wot Worzit: No, this was an amateur transmission, but cannot trace as you give no call sign.
Bussett: Bergen, outside relay of dance music; items are frequently announced and sung in English.
Monotone (Humberstone): This was the broadcast of the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington, which was relayed by many U.S.A. stations and rebroadcast by many of the German transmitters. See paragraph with regard to this broadcast in last week’s Via Ether.
Sparks (East Dulwich): Stuttgart relaying Colonel Lindbergh’s reception at Washington on his return from his flight to Mexico and other South American States. See paragraph in last week’s Via Ether.
F.F.B.: French coastal station at Brest.
Night Hawk (Mon.): Breslau, revue. Hallo the Earth.
Dragetso (Yorks.): Apparently Leningrad, but cannot confirm as no details are given in the programme.
Traversal Two: Posen (broadcast of election results with gramophone records in the intervals), call, Radio Posen.
Fish (Dovercourt): This was Huizen (interval); this station did not close down.
Novice (Basingstoke): Apparently Cologne.
Der Obersteiger (Zeller): (c)
G. G. T. (Norfolk): W.I. wrong details tally with Stettin, relaying from the Berlin State Opera House, Le Médecin Malgré Lui (Gounod).
Drummer (Malty): (1) Kovno (Lithuania), concert for violin and piano; (2) Geneva (organ recital); (3) Radio Toulouse, relaying opera from the Theatre de la Capitole in that city; (4) PTT Paris, relaying dance music from the Coliseum until midnight; (5) PTT Rennes, relaying PTT Paris, dance music from the Coliseum.
Radio Hollybush: PTT Rennes, relaying English lesson given by the Berlitz School from PTT Paris.
Frank (Barnsley): Nürnberg, relaying Munich (Radio Circus).
Twiner of Knobs: Gleiwitz, relaying Breslau; revue Hallo the Earth.
Keen (Harrow Weald): Leningrad.
Tommy Chiswick: Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen (a relay of foreign stations), see programme for the latter station in World Radio.
Super DX (Harrow-on-the-Hill): Probably one of the engineering test transmissions carried out periodically between 2XAD (Schenectady) and 6SW (Chelmsford).
Blood-Hound (Manchester): Eiffel Tower testing on short waves.
Miskin (Saltash): A coupon must be sent with each enquiry; your details are very vague and it is difficult to estimate wavelengths from your condenser readings. (52) Münster, (77) Cologne, (80) PTT Lille.
H. A. P. (Southampton): Frankfurt-on-Main, relaying late concert from Cassel.
V2 (Llwyn): This was the broadcast of the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington, which was relayed by many U.S.A. stations, and also rebroadcast by most of the German stations; possibly heard through Kiel.
Super DX (Harrow-on-the-Hill): Probably one of the engineering test transmissions carried out periodically between 2XAD (Schenectady) and 5SW (Chelmsford).
Bloodhound (Manchester): Eiffel Tower testing on short waves.
Miskin Saltash: A coupon must be sent with each enquiry; your details are very vague and it is difficult to estimate wavelengths from your condenser readings. (52) Münster, (77) Cologne, (80) PTT Lille.
H. A. P. (Southampton): Frankfurt-on-Main, relaying late concert from Cassel.
Rabbit (Sydenham): Breslau, revue Hallo the Earth.
Monto (Tottenham, N.15): Possibly Cassel relaying Frankfurt (gramophone records).
Wanda (Mosspark): Leningrad.
Blacklands (Catford): You give no date; regret, cannot trace.
Scape Goat Hill D.X. Man: (1) Surely you mean Sunday, March 18 ? If so, your details would tally with the Hülzen programme; (2) WL. wrong; this was Posen (Poland).
Grateful: (1) Breslau revue Hallo the Earth ; (2 and 3) your details are too vague ; it is very difficult to estimate wavelengths from your condenser readings.
J. T. Goleford: (1) Either WL. or date wrong, cannot trace any European station working so late; (2) Hanover, a lady announcer) relaying dance music from the Wiener Cafe; (3) Münster, relaying Cologne, (4) possibly Béziers. If your estimate of WL. is approximately correct, but cannot confirm.
J. H. A. (North Finchley): PTT Rennes, relaying PTT Paris. English lesson given by the Berlitz School.
Hopeful (Bristol): Cologne, relaying the reception to Colonel Lindbergh at Washington on his return from his flight to Mexico and other South American States; see paragraph in last week's Via Ether with reference to this broadcast.
Allwave (Herne Hill): Are you sure of the date? We can trace no station on or about that WL. giving dance music at that time ; Motala advertised drama, R.U.R. (Capek).
Querqus (Middlesbrough): A relay of Munich (Radiofni Circus). WL. apparently wrong ; cannot say from which relay you received this.
E. Cam. (Dartford): Surely Königs-wusterhausen, relaying dance music from the Hotel Central at Berlin (interval signal : metronome).
J. M. M. (Bonvil): (1) Posen, (2) Münster (241.9 m.), a relay of Cologne.
Wireless Willie (Wood Green): (1) We believe this to be Eiffel Tower testing, (2) we do not know of any station on 58 metres, but curiously enough, F A, C, C are the notes (bells) of the Bratislava (Czecho-Slovakia) interval signal.
Wrong (Shrewsbury):
L. King (Yorks.): Kattowitz or Wilno, broadcasting election results with gramophone records in the intervals.
Northwick 4 (London): (1) Posen (Poland), 344.8 m., broadcasting election results (gramophone records in the intervals). Call: Radio Posnan.
BM/PWM4 (Edinburgh): Possibly Wilno, which was relaying a symphony concert from the Philharmonic Hall at Warsaw.
Cymric (Chorlton): A German relay of the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington on his return from his flight to Mexico and other South American States. See paragraph in last week's Via Ether with reference to this broadcast.
Duodyn (Wrexham): (1) Radio Paris, (2) some estimate of W.L. must be given; regret, cannot trace.
Reflex (Wolverhampton): Estimate of W.L. is too vague possibly for a retransmission.
Paterfamilias (Ramsgate): A Spanish station, possibly Madrid (EAJ7), we cannot confirm as you give no estimate of W.L.
K.R.O. (Norbury): Apparently KDKA (East Pittsburgh) received direct, as we know of no European station which effected relays at that time.
Valve (Nottingham): (1) Details would tally with KDKA (East Pittsburgh), which was relaying a symphony concert from the William Penn Hotel at that time, (2) if English, possibly WJZ (Boundbrook), (3) PTT Lyons, relaying dance music from the Coliseum at Paris, (4) PTT Rennes, relaying from the Coliseum at Paris, (5) Huizen (Holland), (6) apparently WGY (Schenectady).
Many Wavelengths (Twickenham): Would appear to be an amateur transmission; no station giving the same items three days running.
J. S. F. (Radcliffe): No, we do not think this is Belgrade, but cannot check as no programmes are available; regret, cannot trace.
E. H. R. (Cornwall): KDKA (East Pittsburgh) apparently received direct, as we know of no European station working at that time.
Tom Ass (Normanton): The frequency of WMAK (New York) is 550 kc., and the power only 0.75 kw.
Alannah (Hull): You give no estimate of W.L.; no, not Italian, apparently a Spanish station, but cannot say which.
Dimic Four (Cornwall): Yes, this was Kalundborg relaying foreign stations. This station frequently operates shortly afterwards in programmes.
Winnipeg (Doncaster): 5YW advertised as amateur transmitter at Wolverhampton.
Schoolboy (Sea Houses): Eiffel Tower testing on short waves.
Picky (Dudley): (1) Without doubt a relay of PTT Paris, with which the programme tallies, but cannot understand your WL. Marseilles on that evening advertised its own concert; possibly PTT Limoges; (2) yes, the first harmonic of Hamburg; (3) another relay of PTT Paris; cannot trace from WL given; not Bordeaux, as Radio-sud-Ouest is not a PTT station. Juan-les-Pins is still on 257 m.
Chippy C. S. S. (Sheffield): (1) An amateur transmission, but cannot trace call sign; (2) details are too vague, regret cannot trace; (3) 5SW, B.B.C. experimental station at Chelmsford.
St. Jacut (Dodgesdon): Madrid (EAJ7) relaying from the Gran Teatro del Liceo at Barcelona.
Homestead 11 (E.7.): Naples, relaying opera from the Theatre San Carlo.
CP. 377: Frankfurt-on-Main (Nelson Revue).
Tourist (Cowbridge): Warsaw (a lady announcer), news followed by a relay of dance music.
Exukindoo (Donzy) (Schoener): Received direct Breslau (Tenor solos).
Family Four (Belfast): Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Palace Hotel at Copenhagen; chimes from the Town Hall at midnight.
Roscoe (Chadwell Heath): This was Dublin. See detailed programme in World-Radio.
Dodo (Nuneaton): This was an amateur transmission, but cannot trace as you give no call sign.
Renmus (Leyland): (4) WL wrong; Augsburg relaying Munich; (5) Milan (Vigentino) relaying opera from the Lyric Theatre; (6) PTT Lille (own concert); (7) PTT Rennes, relaying PTT Paris; (8) details are too vague, regret, cannot trace; (9) quite possibly Juan-les-Pins, which has been picked up occasionally.
Enthusiast (Paddington): Yes, Zurich; (1) Details are very vague, but possibly Cassel, relaying Frankfurt-on-Main; (2) PTT Toulouse; (3) Kiel, relaying cabaret from Hamburg.
Conductor (Leyton Depot): KDKA (East Pittsburgh) apparently received direct, as we know of no European station working at that time.
Oscillating (Mosely): (1) Surely 2LO, The Master Builder (Ibsen). You did not say that you had identified Stuttgart.
Welcome Three (Glasgow): You do not say whether the talk was in English, in which case it would appear to be an English lesson; but cannot trace in programmes.
W. G. H. (Bristol): (1) Apparently Kattowitz (altered programme); (2) PTT Lyons.
Orchid, John (Beaconsfield): Interested (Dovercourt): British. fragment: (1) Without doubt a relay of PTT Paris, with which the programme tallies, but cannot understand your WL. Marseilles on that evening advertised its own concert; possibly PTT Limoges; (2) yes, the first harmonic of Hamburg; (3) another relay of PTT Paris; cannot trace from WL given; not Bordeaux, as Radio-Sud-Ouest is not a PTT station. Juan-les-Pins is still on 257 m.
Yalcrab: Vesuvius: This was the new station at Lahti (Finland) testing on a wavelength of 1,525 m.
One Way (U.S.S.R.).