Radio LL, Paris.

Novice (S.E.20): Apparently one of the Polish stations giving election results (gramophone records in the intervals), but cannot say which as you give no estimate of WL.

Spa (Hendon): Yes, a relay of Stockholm; apparently Trolhattan, which would be the nearest to your estimate of WL.

E. C. H. G. (North Shields): Cologne, news, weather and sport, followed by concert of classical and dance music.

H. G. J. (Sheringham): San Sebastian (a lady announcer).

Slider Set (Suffolk): Yes, both German stations, as the National Anthem for that country is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn (music by Haydn). As you give no estimate of WL we cannot say which German stations you hear.

School House (Abbeyhill, Edinburgh): Apparently WGY (Schenectady), as your details do not tally with the programmes for Stuttgart or Madrid (EAJ7).

Langham Joyce (Rustington): This was Motala, relaying dance music from Stockholm until 11 p.m. G.M.T.

Conydene (Lines.): A harmonic of 5XX.

W. W. (Bethnal Green): A relay of PTT Paris (English lesson by the Berlitz School).

Brennes 3 Valves (Southport): (1) Possibly Munster; most of the German stations were relaying U.S.A. transmissions on that date; (2) we do not know what stations they relayed as no details were advertised in programme; (3) details are much too vague, regret, cannot trace; so many short-wave stations on wavelengths between 30 and 34 metres.

E. S. J. (Swindon): An amateur transmission, but cannot trace as you give no call sign.

L. O. J. (Belfast): (1) Stettin, relaying Berlin (six days’ cycle races, relayed from the Sports Palace at Berlin); (2) PTT Lille, relaying dance music from the Lilliania Dance Hall; (3) Kaiserslautern (204.1 m.) relaying Munich (Radiol Circus).

Ganiv (Ireland): Regret, but cannot trace Morse stations.

P.M.2, 3 Valve (Andover): (1) Radio Vitus; (2) Hanover, relaying from the Café Deutschland, Altona, via Hamburg.

Bee (Streetly): Your details are too vague, regret, cannot trace.

Snanton 3 Valver: (1) Radio Paris, relaying church service from Notre Dame (quite possibly a gramophone record followed); (2) Kovno (Lithuania).

Wot Worzit: No, this was an amateur transmission, but cannot trace as you give no call sign.

Bussett: Bergen, outside relay of dance music; items are frequently announced and sung in English.

Monotone (Humberstone): This was the broadcast of the reception notice of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington, which was relayed by many U.S.A. stations and rebroadcast by many of the German transmitters.