L. King (Yorks.): Kattowitz or Wilno, broadcasting election results with gramophone records in the intervals.

Northwick 4 (London): (1) Posen (Poland), 344.8 m., broadcasting election results (gramophone records in the intervals). Call: Radio Posnan.

BM/PWM4 (Edinburgh): Possibly Wilno, which was relaying a symphony concert from the Philharmonic Hall at Warsaw.

Cymric (Chorlton): A German relay of the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington on his return from his flight to Mexico and other South American States. See paragraph in last week's Via Ether with reference to this broadcast.

Duodyn (Wrexham): (1) Radio Paris, (2) some estimate of W.L. must be given; regret, cannot trace.

Reflex (Wolverhampton): Estimate of W.L. is too vague possibly for a retransmission.

Paterfamilias (Ramsgate): A Spanish station, possibly Madrid (EAJ7), we cannot confirm as you give no estimate of W.L.

K.R.O. (Norbury): Apparently KDKA (East Pittsburgh) received direct, as we know of no European station which effected relays at that time.

Valve (Nottingham): (1) Details would tally with KDKA (East Pittsburgh), which was relaying a symphony concert from the William Penn Hotel at that time, (2) if English, possibly WJZ (Boundbrook), (3) PTT Lyons, relaying dance music from the Coliseum at Paris, (4) PTT Rennes, relaying from the Coliseum at Paris, (5) Huizen (Holland), (6) apparently WGY (Schenectady).

Many Wavelengths (Twickenham): Would appear to be an amateur transmission; no station giving the same items three days running.

J. S. F. (Radcliffe): No, we do not think this is Belgrade, but cannot check as no programmes are available; regret, cannot trace.

E. H. R. (Cornwall): KDKA (East Pittsburgh) apparently received direct, as we know of no European station working at that time.

Tom Ass (Normanton): The frequency of WMAK (New York) is 550 kc., and the power only 0.75 kw.

Alannah (Hull): You give no estimate of W.L.; no, not Italian, apparently a Spanish station, but cannot say which.

Dimic Four (Cornwall): Yes, this was Kalundborg relaying foreign stations. This station frequently operates shortly afterwards in programmes.

Winnipeg.