```plaintext
E. J. B. (S.E. 22): Kaiserslautern (204.1 m.) relaying Munich, Radioni Circus.
J. O. (Derry): (1) Bergen; English lesson by F. L. M. Somerville; (2) Cologne (chimes from the studio) at 6.35 p.m. G.M.T., sports news.
SET (Barling, Southend-on-Sea): Königswusterhausen, relaying Breslau revue, Hallo! the Earth.
Mac (Glasgow): An amateur transmission but you apparently misunderstood the call sign, as we have ascertained that 6MW was not working on that date.
Semloh (Streatham Common): Stettin, relaying Berlin; drama: Brand (Ibsen); also orchestral selections.
Det. 2L.F. (Newcombe Road, Leicester): PTT Lille, relaying from the Lilliana Dance Hall.
C. A. V. (Barnsley): Breslau; revue, Hallo! the Earth.
N. D. P. (Curious): This was a broadcast of the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington; it was relayed by many U.S.A. stations and also rebroadcast by most of the German transmitters; you received this through Cologne. See paragraph in last week’s Via Ether.
F. Parr (nr. Halifax): Yes, WEAF (New York) received direct.
Bunny (Stroud): Dublin (news and weather).
H. Lord (Lincolnshire): 2NM, amateur; Caterham, Surrey.
Geo Dee (Kensal Rise): TRI, wireless club transmitter at Copenhagen.
G. H. L. (N.I.): A Polish station broadcasting election results with gramophone records in the intervals; either Posen or Kattowitcz.
O-V-1 (Birmingham): Eiffel Tower testing on short waves.
Morse Martyr (Southampton): (1) Hamburg broadcasting the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington on his return from his flight to Mexico and other South American States; this was taken by many of the German stations; (2) apparently WPG (Atlantic City) received direct.
BM/EXGQ: Copenhagen (Harmonica concert).
Filament: We regret, but it is impossible to trace these short-wave transmissions unless the estimes of WL. is much more definite; apparently a short-wave U.S.A. station, but cannot say which.
The Owl (Lincoln): Posen, broadcasting election results with gramophone records in the intervals.
Melody 3 (Clapham Common): (1) We know of no Swedish relay station between 1,330 and 1,350 kc.; possibly Karlstad working on slightly higher WL.; (2) if WL. approximately correct, Strasbourg (announcements in French and German).
BR879 (Burnley): The French station over the Eiffel Tower, but we know of no German station on that WL.
Pass Book (Brighton): 2ME (Sydney), which would be working at that time.
Mentor (Bradmore): Posen, relaying dance music from the Palais Royal Restaurant.
Three Valve (Rochdale): Yes, Kaiserslautern relaying Munich; interval signal; siren.
Two Valvor (Reditch): Kalundborg.
```