Certainly! Here's the transcription:

Bussett-Bergen, outside relay of dance music; items are frequently announced and sung in English.

Monotone (Humberstone): This was the broadcast of the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington, which was relayed by many U.S.A. stations and rebroadcast by many of the German transmitters. See paragraph with regard to this broadcast in last week’s Via Ether.

Sparks (East Dulwich): Stuttgart relaying Colonel Lindbergh’s reception at Washington on his return from his flight to Mexico and other South American States. See paragraph in last week’s Via Ether.

F.F.B.: French coastal station at Brest.

Night Hawk (Mon.): Breslau, revue.

Hallo the Earth. Dragetso (Yorks.): Apparently Leningrad, but cannot confirm as no details are given in the programme.

Traversal Two: Posen (broadcast of election results with gramophone records in the intervals), call, Radio Posen.

Fish (Dovercourt): This was Huizen (interval); this station did not close down.

Novice (Basingstoke): Apparently Cologne.

Der Obersteiger (Zeller): (c) G. G. T. (Norfolk): W.I. wrong details tally with Stettin, relaying from the Berlin State Opera House, Le Médecin Malgré Lui (Gounod).

Drummer (Malty): (1) Kovno (Lithuania), concert for violin and piano; (2) Geneva (organ recital); (3) Radio Toulouse, relaying opera from the Theatre de la Capitole in that city; (4) PTT Paris, relaying dance music from the Coliseum until midnight; (5) PTT Rennes, relaying PTT Paris, dance music from the Coliseum.

Radio Hollybush: PTT Rennes, relaying English lesson given by the Berlitz School from PTT Paris.

Frank (Barnsley): Nürnberg, relaying Munich (Radio Circus).

Twiner of Knobs: Gleiwitz, relaying Breslau; revue Hallo the Earth.

Keen (Harrow Weald): Leningrad.

Tommy Chiswick: Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen (a relay of foreign stations), see programme for the latter station in World Radio.

Super DX (Harrow-on-the-Hill): Probably one of the engineering test transmissions carried out periodically between 2XAD (Schenectady) and 6SW (Chelmsford).

Blood-Hound (Manchester): Eiffel Tower testing on short waves.

Miskin (Saltash): A coupon must be sent with each enquiry; your details are very vague and it is difficult to estimate wavelengths from your condenser readings.

(52) Münster, (77) Cologne, (80) PTT Lille.

H. A. P. (Southampton): Frankfurt-on-Main, relaying late concert from Cassel.

V2 (Llwyn): This was the broadcast of the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington, which was relayed by many U.S.A. stations, and also rebroadcast by most of the German stations; possibly