Rochdale): Yes, Kaiserslautern relaying Munich: interval signal: siren.  
Two Valvor (Redifield): (1) Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen; (2) Madrid (EAJ7); Michael Strogoff (Jules Verne), a play relayed from the New Theatre; (3) Koenigs Wusterhausen, relaying dance music from the Central Hötel at Berlin.  
Pecheur (Grantham, Lincs): (1) PTT Lille, relaying dance music from the Lilliana Dance Hall; (2) Aachen (Aix-la-Chapelle), relaying Cologne; (3) PTT Paris; (4) details are too vague, regret, cannot trace.  
Westminster (Iliminster): A Polish station, broadcasting election results with gramophone records in the intervals; possibly Wilno.  
M. N. T. F. (W.14): Posen, call:* Allo! Radio Posnan.  
Lodge End (Doncaster): Koenigs Wusterhausen, relaying revue, Hallo! the Earth, from Breslau.  
3 VPH (Edinburgh): The only station which you might have picked up in the neighbourhood is Stamboul, but we cannot confirm as no details are published in the programme.  
Anorphous (Taunton): Eiffel Tower working on short waves; we know of no short-wave station at Agen.  
Low Frequency (Portslade by-Sea): Milan (sports news).  
Tired Hands (Stratford): (1) Toledo; (2) Posen, call; (3) Madrid (EAJ7); play is Michael Strogoff (Jules Verne), relayed from the New Theatre.  
Hipp (Plymouth): (1) It is quite possible that the orchestral concert was taken by Bandoeng (Java), but we cannot say who relayed it; (2) we regret, but we cannot give wavelengths of amateur transmitters.  
F. W. (Manor Park): Regret, but cannot trace in programmes; it is very difficult to trace without some estimate of WL.  
Interested (Blackpool): Langenberg, relaying Cologne (chimes from the Cathedral); the German National Anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn (music by Haydn).  
Shakespeare (Stratford-on-Avon): Breslau, revue, Hallo! the Earth.  
F. Askew (Clapton): Your details and estimate of WL. are much too vague, regret, cannot trace.  
P. M. O. K. (Wandsworth): Kaiserslautern, 204.1 m. (1,470 kc.), 5 kw., a relay of Munich. Approximate distance from London 400 miles.  
Anchor (Leith): Yes, Kattowitz; call, Hallo! Polskie Radio Kattowice.  
Zadok (Leeds): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen. English literature, a talk by G. Campbell McCallum: The English Roman.  
Waved (Purley): WL, apparently wrong details (tally with Rome a lady announcer); instrumental concert followed by news at 9.50 p.m. G.M.T. and close down.  
Amplifier (Bristol): An amateur transmission, but cannot trace as you give no call sign.  
Govibepashepúsh: Cologne (concert of classical and dance music.)  
Lewis: Leipzig.