Super DX (Harrow-on-the-Hill): Probably one of the engineering test transmissions carried out periodically between 2XAD (Schenectady) and 5SW (Chelmsford).

Bloodhound (Manchester): Eiffel Tower testing on short waves.

Miskin Saltash: A coupon must be sent with each enquiry; your details are very vague and it is difficult to estimate wavelengths from your condenser readings.

(52) Münster, (77) Cologne, (80) PTT Lille.

H. A. P. (Southampton): Frankfurt-on-Main, relaying late concert from Cassel. This was a broadcast of the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington, which was relayed by many U.S.A. stations, and also rebroadcast by most of the German stations; possibly heard through Kiel.

Rabbit (Sydenham): Breslau, revue Hallo the Earth.

Monto (Tottenham, N.15): Possibly Cassel relaying Frankfurt (gramophone records).

Wanda (Mosspark): Leningrad.

Blacklands (Catford): You give no date; regret, cannot trace.

Scape Goat Hill D.X. Man: (1) Surely you mean Sunday, March 18 ? If so, your details would tally with the Hülzen programme; (2) WL. wrong; this was Posen (Poland).

Grateful: (1) Breslau revue Hallo the Earth ; (2 and 3) your details are too vague ; it is very difficult to estimate wavelengths from your condenser readings.

J. T. Goleford: (1) Either WL. or date wrong, cannot trace any European station working so late; (2) Hanover, a lady announcer) relaying dance music from the Wiener Cafe; (3) Münster, relaying Cologne, (4) possibly Béziers. If your estimate of WL. is approximately correct, but cannot confirm.

J. H. A. (North Finchley): PTT Rennes, relaying PTT Paris. English lesson given by the Berlitz School.

Hopeful (Bristol): Cologne, relaying the reception to Colonel Lindbergh at Washington on his return from his flight to Mexico and other South American States; see paragraph in last week's Via Ether with reference to this broadcast.

Allwave (Herne Hill): Are you sure of the date? We can trace no station on or about that WL. giving dance music at that time ; Motala advertised drama, R.U.R. (Capek).

Querqus (Middlesbrough): A relay of Munich (Radiofni Circus). WL. apparently wrong ; cannot say from which relay you received this.

E. Cam. (Dartford): Surely Königs-wusterhausen, relaying dance music from the Hotel Central at Berlin (interval signal : metronome).

J. M. M. (Bonvil): (1) Posen, (2) Münster (241.9 m.), a relay of Cologne.

Wireless Willie (Wood Green): (1) We believe this to be Eiffel Tower testing, (2) we do not know of any station on 58 metres, but curiously enough, F A, C, C are the notes (bells) of the Bratislava (Czecho-Slovakia) interval signal.

Wrong (Shrewsbury):