Interested (Blackpool): Langenberg, relaying Cologne (chimes from the studio); the German National Anthem is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn (music by Haydn).
Shakespeare (Stratford-on-Avon): Breslau, revue, Hallo! the Earth.
F. Askew (Clapton): Your details and estimate of W.L. are much too vague, regret cannot trace.
P. M. O. K. (Wandsworth): Kaiserslautern, 204.1 m. (1,470 kc.), 5 kw., a relay of Munich. Approximate distance from London 400 miles. Anchor (Leith): Yes, Kattowitz; call, Hallo! Polskie Radio Kattowice.
Zadok (Leeds): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen. English literature, a talk by O. Campbell McCallum: The English Roman.
Wavd (Purley): W.L. apparently wrong; details tally with Rome (a lady announcer); instrumental concert followed by news at 9.50 p.m. G.M.T. and close down.
Amplifier (Bristol): An amateur transmission, but cannot trace as you give no call sign.
Gowibepashepush: Cologne (concert of classical and dance music); French station slightly below, possibly PTT Lille.
Novice (Lowes): Leipzig, relaying dance music from the Central Hotel at Berlin until 11.30 p.m. G.M.T.
Fretwork (Ken): Nordeich (Germany) weather report.
Screen Golf (Cardiff): PTT Rennes, relaying English lesson by the Berlitz School from PTT Paris.
Yorker (Whitby): Kalundborg, relaying symphonic concert from Copenhagen.
Afax (Wigan): 2XD advertised as amateur at Swansea.
F. F. (Houton): Stuttgart, relaying the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington on his return from his flight to Mexico and other South American States. See paragraph with reference to this broadcast in last week's TIA Ether.
Noises (Putney): (1) PTT Rennes, relaying PTT Paris'; (2) Cologne (283 m.) and Münster (241 m.) both relay Langenberg. Coupon must be sent with each inquiry.
Shamrock: Posen (Poland) broadcasting election results (gramophone records in the intervals).
Cube Screen Three: Most of the German stations were relaying U.S.A. transmissions on that date. If your estimate of W.L. is approximately correct, you received this through Berlin (Witzleben).
Night Hawk: Hamburg, relaying Strauss concert from the Restaurant Ostermann until 11 p.m. G.M.T.; dance music followed until 11.30 p.m. G.M.T.
Sunnydene (Witney): 7RL, wireless club transmitter at Copenhagen.
A. L. R. (Stratford): (1) No, but if W.L., approximately correct possibly Radio Vitus; (2) Breslau relaying Berlin; (3) Hamburg, relaying Strauss concert from the Restaurant Ostermann'; (4) no estimate of W.L. given, regret, cannot trace.
Engzilt (Beccles): No, not Helsingfors; possibly.