Old Blue (Kingsland): would appear to be a relay of PTT Paris (from the Festival Hall of Le Journal), but cannot understand your WL.
Two Valver (Redrifel): (1) Radio Toulouse; (2) PTT Lyons, relaying (a) PTT Paris, concert given at the Festival Hall of Le Journal.
J. A. T. (Bedford): Regret, but we cannot trace any station advertised to work on that WL. at that time; apparently a test.
Welcome Three (Glasgow): From your condenser reading it is impossible to identify transmitter, but details would tally with PTT Lille.
Scrump (Yeovil): yes, possibly U.S.A. station, but we cannot possibly say which as you give no estimate of WL. and your condenser readings do not help unless they are given in comparison with readings for other stations you have definitely identified.
Earth Wire (Hulme): (1) this was Munster (now on 250 m.), chimes from the studio; (2) you do not say what you heard; (3) no transmission was advertised for Eiffel Tower at that time; possibly a test.
Novice (Camberwell): Posen, relaying Warsaw.
Zoff (Godalming): Your query is too involved; we cannot understand it.
Grid Bias (Nottingham): (1) Cologne, play Faust; (2) possibly PTT Lille; (3) Stuttgart.
Bully Cam (Ammanford): (1) and (2) Surely both Frankfurt-on-Main, gramophone records, Missa Solemnis (Beethoven) and The Messiah (Handel).
Standars (Carshalton): Rome, concert of Italian operas from the studio.
Spion Kop (Liverpool): 2XG, Rocky Point, Long Island, New York (transatlantic telephony).
Karassi (Barnsley): An amateur transmission of gramophone records, but cannot trace as you give no call-sign.
Woodbine Cottage (Madrid (EAJ7).
Radio World (Cardiff): (1) 6KW., amateur at Newcastle-on-Tyne; (2) 2HH, amateur at Ashington; (3) and (4) 2BG and 2AFF amateurs, cannot trace call-signs; (b) yes, possibly, but cannot confirm; (6) Radio Toulouse (interval, signal & metronome).
Calibrator (Upper Tooting): PTT Lille; relay of the Six Days' Cycle Races from the Paris Cycle Track.
The Park Farm (Chiddingly): WL. wrong; Dublin relaying Cork.
European Five (Caldy): Are you sure this was not German? Your details would tally with the Berlin programme, relayed by Stettin.
Chappie (Margate): Frankfurt-on-Main; French lesson, but not followed by nature talk, but by a relay from Stuttgart of Gipsy Love (Lehár).
H. F. Swan (Surrey): Königswusterhausen relaying Berlin; concert of Tea Music from the Hotel Kaiserhof.
2 Valver (Edinburgh): We regret, but it is impossible to trace these short wave transmissions unless the estimate of WL. is much more definite; there are so many stations on wavelengths between 31.4 and 33 metres.
Etherian (Northampton): 2RO amateur at Leicester, but 311.