regret, cannot trace.
Libraire (Morley); Toffy (Small Heath): Posen, broadcasting election results with gramophone records in the intervals.
Pinchin: (1) Kattowitz, giving election results (gramophone records in the intervals); (2) U.S.A. station, but your details are too vague to trace.
Very Curious (Harringay): (1) Yes, 2XAF (Schenectady); (2) regret, cannot trace; (2) this is PTT Lyons on 40.20 m.
Wanderer: Kalundborg, relaying church service from the Garrison Church at Copenhagen.
Uncertain (Lewisham): Too vague, you give no estimate of WL., regret, cannot trace.
Pen Bryn: Wilno and Cracow broadcasting election results (gramophone records in the intervals).
K. M. P. (Leamington Spa): Hilversum (accordeon quartet) with xylophone solo.
Coil Mover: Your query is rather vague; if WL. correct, fog beacons or light ships; if on a higher WL. Eiffel Tower (time signals).
Komc (Manchester); Ajax (Sheffield): All Polish stations were broadcasting election results at that time, with gramophone records in the intervals.
C. P. 377: Kalundborg, relaying afternoon concert from Copenhagen.
Gobblins (Hale): Quite possibly WPG (Atlantic City), U.S.A.
Juice (Brighton): (1) Bordeaux, Radio-Sud-Ouest; (2) regret, cannot trace.
B. M. (BEH4) (Blackheath): Riga relayed an opera at 6.30 p.m. G.M.T.
Fra Diavolo (Auber); we believe that you heard a transmission from Kattowitz at that time. Lex (Skipton): Possibly Stockholm, which advertised a relay of foreign stations at that time.
Zaragoza (Espana). T. W. M. (Corwen); Billy (Bristol); Oscillating Oswald (Edinburgh): Carmarthen: Kattowitz broadcasting election results (gramophone records in the intervals); see paragraph in "Via Ether" with reference to this late broadcast in World Radio, issue March 2, No. 136.
1 Valve Super-Het: Surely your estimate of WL. is wrong; the chimes were from the Radio Paris studio Westminster Clock, as was the orchestral programme.
Ether Searcher 2 (Somersetshire): (1) No, this was PTT Lille; (2) Bergen relayed foreign stations; quite possibly Oslo took this broadcast. Dance music from 5GB was included and no doubt the last item was from a German station, hence the National Anthem.
Jimmo (Kent): Regret, cannot trace from denser readings alone.
Semloh: Boden (1,910 m.) relaying gramophone records from Stockholm.
Hibernia (Loughrea): (1) Yes, WGY (Schenectady); (2) WJZ (Boundbrook?); (3) Yes,