[EAJ7) concert, followed by dance music. Night Owl (Bermondsey): Much too vague; so many stations work about that wavelength that WL Sunday’s transmission might tally with Kattowitz, which was giving election results at that time.

Sirrah (Lewisham): Kaiserslautern on 204.1 metres, relaying Munich.

Mikado (Glasgow): Kattowitz: gramophone records in the intervals of broadcast of election results; all Polish stations were working at that time. Your other transmission was from Posen.

O.H.V. (Hackney): No, details would tally with Danzig, relaying Königsberg.

Dixie 3 (Regent’s Park): (1) Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen; chimes from the Town Hall at midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.). (2) Yes, Cologne.

Haytor (Mitcham): Item not given in programmes; Dresden relayed light and dance music from Leipzig at that time.

Big Ben (S.W. 10): (1) This was the Munich programme; apparently received through Kaiserslautern (204.1 m.). (2) PTT Lille; (3) No, Leningrad.

P.M.O.K. (Wandsworth): Norddeich (“Germany”) weather report.

Rose (Blackheath): WL apparently wrong; a Polish station, possibly Kattowitz, broadcasting election results with gramophone records in interval.

Snevo: Regret, cannot trace any programme to tally with your details on or about that WL.

Mulcos: Yes, all Polish stations were giving election results at that time; you heard this either through Kattowitz or Wilno.

Radio (Staines): Motala now working on 1,380 m., relaying Stockholm (news and weather report).

Pen (Bexhill): Apparently an amateur transmission of gramophone records.

W.G.H. (Bristol): Oslo (concert by the station orchestra).

Three Valver (Lancashire): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen; a relay of 5GB; this station frequently relays London and Daventry, but it is not always advertised in programmes.

Super 7 (Pendleton): Kattowitz, broadcasting election results; news is given in French and Polish.

J.G. (Derry): Moscow Continent (RDW).

Night Owl (Walthamstow): No, WGY (Schenectady) received direct; many readers heard this transmission on that night.

Worried (Surbiton): Motala on its new WL of 1,380 m.

Snip (Westcliff-on-Sea): (1) We can trace no play given at any station at 10 a.m. on a Sunday.

Pittsky: Apparently short wave transmission from Radio LL, Paris.

Stump (Lincs): Regret, cannot trace, as no estimate of WL is given.

G.W.W. (Paddington): No, Posen, Kattowitz and Cracow broadcasting election results with gramophone records in the intervals.

Kenvic (Manor Park): No German station advertised a relay of foreign stations on that date, but this is sometimes carried out by Berlin, Stuttgart and Munich.