gramophone records in the intervals), (3) Huizen; Talk, “Pilgrimage Through the Holy Land,” (4) details are too vague, regret, cannot trace.
D. J. B. (The Terrace): Commercial company’s transmitter at North Woolwich testing.
Oscillating (Moseley): Possibly Stuttgart (organ concert).
Avonia (Blaenavon): Yes, WGY (Schenectady) received direct.
Catesby Three (Ilford): No, this was Dublin relaying Cork; see programme for latter station in World-Radio.
Jig Saw (Southampton): Preston (Northumberland): Warsaw broadcasting election results with gramophone records in the intervals. See paragraph in “Via Ether” with reference to this late broadcast in World-Radio, issue March 2, No. 136.
Knocker (Falmouth): (1) Yes, Huizen, (2) Kalundborg, relaying dance music from the Restaurant Nimb at Copenhagen until 11.30 p.m. G.M.T. Coupon must be sent with each enquiry.
Trusthorpe Madge: (1, 2, 3, and 4) All Polish stations were broadcasting election results at that time, with gramophone records in the intervals, (5) possibly WCCO (Minneapolis).
W. P. (Leeds): Your details are very vague, but possibly Hamburg (dance items are often announced in English).
Far East (Northumberland): (1) Warsaw, relaying symphony concert from the Philharmonic Hall, (2) details too vague, regret, cannot trace, (3) yes, this was San Sebastian.
D. W. S. (Gillingham, Kent): We know of no French station other than PTT Paris, on or about your estimate of WL. Are you sure that the language was French?
Lon. Air (Birmingham): Stuttgart's relay from the Liederhalle in that city of a recital given by Erica Morini (violinist); this was also taken by Frankfurt-on-Main, Cassel and Freiburg.
Sharrow (Sheffield): No, this was Dublin, relaying Cork (news from Dublin).
Le Pecq (Richmond): Engineers' test from the Newcastle station.
G. W. (Bognor): All Polish stations were broadcasting election results at that time, with gramophone records in the intervals (interval signal - metronome), but we cannot say which of these Stations you heard as you give no estimate of WL.
Sparks (Sunderland): Kalundborg, working later than advertised in programme: chimes from the Town Hall, Copenhagen, at midnight (11 p.m. G.M.T.).
Pip (Grantham): Rome (a lady announcer) recitation in the interval of a relay from theatre.
Curiosity (Stainforth): Amateur transmissions, but cannot trace, as you give no call signs.
Queen’s Park (Glasgow): Katowittc broadcast the results with gramophone records in the intervals; Polish stations working late.
Tryst (Dalmenny): Yes, Stuttgart, gramophone records in the interval of a relay from theatre.