WGY (Schenectady); (2) WJZ (Boundbrook); (3) Yes, WCCO (Minneapolis) Disclose (Wandsworth): (1) Yes, WGY (Schenectady) direct; (2) PTT Lille.

J. W. P. (Leeds): Your estimate of WL is apparently wrong; the transmission was by Stuttgart from the Liederhalle (soloist, Erica Morini, violinist); this was also taken by Frankfurt-on-Main, Cassel and Freiburg; probably you heard this through Frankfurt-on-Main.

West Hove: Kaiserslautern (204.1 m.) relaying Munich.

Alpha (Llanelly): Hamburg advertised dance music at that time; we are asking the station to give us the name of the baritone.

Stage (Gloucester): We cannot confirm, but possibly Stockholm which advertised a relay of foreign stations at that time.

Crucible (S. W. 3): (1) Kattowitz, electrical results (gramophone records in the intervals). (2) possibly WTAM (Cleveland), U.S.A., which is often received in Great Britain.

Naylor (Peacehaven): Munster, relaying concert from “Hotel Zur Post” (Elberfeld).

St. Jacut (Kent): Barcelona (EAJ1).

Doc (Belfast): Oslo.

Moonshine (Melrose): Cannot trace without some estimation of WL.

Wagge (Cowley): Berlin Konigswusterhausen 2, German National Anthem “Deutschland ueber alles,” music by Haydn.

H. F.: (a) PTT Lyons on 40.20 m. (b) We do not know the call, but apparently a short wave transmitter of the Cie Generale; (c) Private transmitter, Berlin; (d) We have not traced the Spanish short wave station.

Twin Reflex (Hammersmith): WGY (Schenectady) received direct.

G. L. W. (Bucks): Although you give many details we cannot make any search as you give no idea of WL.

Smugger (Shalford): (1) PTT Rennes; (2) only English lesson given at that time was by the Ecole Superieure, Paris; possibly received through PTT Grenoble; (3) Malmo, or Eskilstuna, relaying Malmo.

Muff: No, this does not tally with the Juan-les-Pins programme nor probably Bordeaux, Radio-Sud-Ouest, of which detailed programmes are not published.

D. Brand (Rosebury Terrace): A Polish station giving election results (gramophone records in the intervals); you do not state WL, so cannot trace actual transmitter.

Radio (Lympne): Cannot confirm, but possibly relayed by Moscow.

New Comer (Eastbourne): We cannot trace those items in programmes, but the WL would go to Huizen, which at that time was transmitting on 1,950 m. (“Children’s Hour),

Reinartz (Sunderland): Stockholm now