Semloh (S.W.16): (1) Stettin, relaying dance music from Berlin; (2) Hanover, relaying concert from the Georgspalast.  
Acomb (Lancs): Rather vague, but possibly Oslo (cabaret).  
L. Etherite (Blackheath): (1) Yes, this was the WGY (Schenectady) programme, possibly relayed by a European station, but this was not advertised in programmes; (2) WPG (Atlantic City), received direct.  
Waved (Manor Way, Purley): Yes, WGY (Schenectady) received direct.  
D. G. G. (Bathgate): Lahits (Finland) testing on 1,525 m.  
Qualitour 4 (Surrey): Clock and chimes from Hilversum. Dutch time is twenty minutes in advance of G.M.T.  
Fretwork (West Ken.): Yes, Montpellier (own programme) not relaying PTT Paris.  
Merioneth: Regret, cannot trace, as call sign is apparently incomplete.  
Lady Enthusiast (Rickmansworth): (1) AFK (Döberitz) on 105 m.; (2) Breslau (gramophone records) working later than advertised in programmes.  
Brython (Cardiff): (1) PTT Lyons, relaying PTT Paris; opera, The Barber of Seville (Rossini); (2) PTT Lille, relay of the celebrations of the Association des Anciens Élèves des Écoles des Arts et Métiers. See programme in World-Radio.  
Jaysee (Birmingham): An apparently wrong Freiburg, which was relaying the programme in World-Radio.  
Cymro (Wales): Kjobenhavns Rádiofonistation, Copenhagen, Denmark.  
Azo (Manchester): Döberitz (67.65 m.) relaying talk given from the Munich station by Dr. Kurt von Boeckmann, on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of the Munich broadcasting station.  
Tri Valve (Wye): Breslau (gramophone records).  
Andrach (Leicester): Details are too vague, regret, cannot trace; apparently an amateur transmitter.  
T. H. D. (Birmingham): Breslau (gramophone records).  
Night Hawk 5 (Cannington): (1) This was the WGY (Schenectady) programme, apparently relayed by some European station, but cannot trace in programmes; (2) cannot trace call sign 6CH as amateur at Newport.  
H. E. Pitt (Holmdene): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen (a relay of foreign stations); see programme in World-Radio.  
Alphonsus (Kilkenny): (1) Yes, this was Moscow Comintern (RDW) special news bulletins broadcast slowly in order to allow of transcription; (2) possibly PTT Lille, but cannot confirm as your estimate of W.L. is too vague.  
E. J. (Northampton): Kattowitz, talk in English.  
R. A. (Rochester): “Poland, Past and Present,” by Prof. R. Dyboski, at Dundee.  
Ad 5NW: This was the WGY (Schenectady) programme.