```plaintext
Dentist (Lancs.): PTT Lille, relaying from the Lilliana Dance Hall.
W. L. (Hartington Road, Southampton): This was a German station, as the National Anthem of that country is played to the melody of the old Austrian hymn (music by Haydn) possibly Leipzig which was the only German station advertised to close at 11 p.m. G.M.T., but cannot confirm as you give no estimate of WL.
Starch (London): Kalundborg, relaying from the Holmens Church at Copenhagen. Choral concert by the Copenhagen Male Choir.
Ardendale (Birmingham): Frankfurt-on-Main, relaying late concert from Cassel (a lady announcer).
Schoolboy (Alderley Edge): (1) Milan (Vigentino), a lady announcer, relay of opera: The Puritans (Bellini). This station is now working on about 644 m.; (2) Details are very vague, but possibly Augsburg relaying Munich; (3) Details would tally with Vienna (Rosenhügel); (4) Possibly Cracow relaying Wilno; (5) Königswusterhausen, relaying Berlin. News and weather report, followed by dancing lesson and dance music (Interval signal: metronome).
(6) Kalundborg, relaying symphony concert from Copenhagen.
Sylvic (Chertsey): 7RL a radio journal’s transmitter at Copenhagen working on 42.12 m.
Gastier: This was Petit Parisien (Jazz time), announcements are made in English and French.
Pat (Hayling Island): Yes, U.S.A. station, WEAF (New York).
Kinkin (Saltash): Either Cologne, or Münster relaying Cologne, Der Obersteiger (Keller). Chimes are from the studio.
The Globe (Kidderminster): Would tally with Huizen (Holland); on Saturday, March 24, however, we cannot confirm as details were not advertised in programme.
Sand (Golders Green): PTT Rennes, relaying PTT Paris.
3 Valver (Nantymoel): (1) Bergen (a relay of foreign stations); (2) Kalundborg; this station frequently relays London and Daventry, but it is not always advertised in the programme.
F. J. Noakes (Leicester): Posen (Poland), a lady announcer (gramophone records).
Pelluit (High Wycombe): EATH (Vienna). Experimental transmitter working on Mondays and Thursdays at 9.30 p.m. G.M.T. (gramophone records).
Fretwork (Ken.): Copenhagen (a relay of foreign stations). Working later than advertised in programme.
BM/FKCB (Wood Green): (1) Warsaw, relaying church service from the cathedral at Posen; (2) Not Motala, regret, cannot trace; (3) Posen relaying symphonic poem, The Spirits, from the Philharmonic Hall at Warsaw; (4) PTT Lille, relaying from.
```