```plaintext
D. G. C. (Bathgate): Clock and chimes from Hilversum.
Qualifier 4 (Surrey): Fretwork (West Ken.).
Merioneth: Regret, cannot trace, as call sign is apparently incomplete.
Lady Enthusiast (Rickmansworth): (1) AFK (Döberitz) on 105 m.; (2) Breslau (gramophone records) working later than advertised in programmes.
Brython (Cardiff): (1) PTT Lyons, relaying PTT Paris; opera, The Barber of Seville (Rossini); (2) PTT Lille, relay of the celebrations of the Association des Anciens Élèves des Écoles des Arts et Métiers. See programme in World-Radio; (3) WL, apparently wrong; Freiburg, which was relaying the programme of the Five Microphones from Stuttgart; see programme in World-Radio.
Jayseef (Birmingham): An American official transatlantic telephony transmitter.
Cymro (Wales): Kjøbenhavns Radiofonistation, Copenhagen, Denmark.
Azo (Manchester): Döberitz (67.65 m.) relaying talk given from the Munich station by Dr. Kurt von Boeckmann, on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of the Munich broadcasting station.
Tri Valve (Wye): Breslau (gramophone records).
Andrach (Leicester): Details are too vague, regret, cannot trace; apparently an amateur transmitter.
T. H. J. (Birmingham): Breslau (gramophone records).
Night Hawk 5 (Gannington): (1) This was the WGY (Schenectady) programme, apparently relayed by some European station, but cannot trace in programmes; (2) cannot trace call sign 6CHL as amateur at Newport.
H. E. Pitt (Holmdene): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen (a relay of foreign stations); see programme in World-Radio.
Alphonsus (Kilkenny): (1) Yes, this was Moscow Comintern (RDW) special news bulletins broadcast slowly in order to allow of transcription; (2) possibly PTT Lille, but cannot confirm as your estimate of WL is too vague.
C. E. J. (Northampton): Kattowitz, talk in English: ‘Poland, Past and Present,” by Prof. R. Dyboski.
R. A. A. (Rochester): 5NW, amateur transmitter at Dundee.
Ad Astra (Surrey): This was the WGY (Schenectady) programme, apparently relayed by some European station, but cannot trace in programmes.
Trevonia 7511: WL wrong; this was Lahti (Finland) testing on 1,525 m.
```