Reinartz (Sunderland): Cannot trace Morse stations.

Tombo (Bayswater): No, not Edinburgh; not advertised in programmes, possibly an amateur.

Galahad (Sheffield): Kalundborg, relaying Copenhagen (a relay of foreign stations).

Ard-Na-Greine (Bridlington): Leningrad.

Pandora: This was Langenberg, relaying the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington; it was taken by many U.S.A. stations and rebroadcast by most of the German transmitters.

Ernest Ward: You do not state time, regret cannot trace.

Stromness: WJZ (Boundbrook); (2) we cannot trace any station working so late on that date possibly an amateur transmission.

Star (Cheyne Walk): Yes, Kaiserslautern, relaying Munich.

Peer Gynt (Ibsen): Yes.

HF.42: (a) yes, 3LO (Melbourne) received direct; (2) no, both British amateurs, but cannot trace call signs.

Ariel (Suffolk): 7RL, a radio journal’s transmitter at Copenhagen.

Rathgar (Co. Dublin): Cologne relaying the reception of Colonel Lindbergh from Washington; this was taken by many U.S.A. stations and re-broadcast by most of the German transmitters.

Office Hyacinth (Blackburn): We regret that notwithstanding the details you give, it is impossible to trace stations other than for Daventry we can tell you that No. 8 was Radio Paris.

Flat Foot (Dublin): (1) Kattowitz (election results with gramophone records in the intervals); (2) Posen, broadcasting election results (gramophone records in the intervals).

Graham (Gildard, Glasgow): Your details are much too vague to trace; some estimate of WL. must be given.

Dora (Dartford): Inquirer (Birmingham); Nightwork (Gosforth): This was a German relay of the reception of Colonel Lindbergh at Washington.

F.E.C. (Chelmsford): Langenberg, relaying variety concert from Cologne.

A.B. (Coventry): W.L. wrong; Kattowitz, a talk in English by Prof. R. Dyboski; “Poland Past and Present.”

H.S. (Wallington): PPT Lille relaying from the Lilliana Dance Hall.

Ad Astra (Surrey): Madrid (EAJ7) relaying dance music from the Hotel Palermo.

N.R. Fisk (Clapham Common): (1) This was Milan (Vigentino) which is now working on about 549 m.; (2) Your details tally with the programme from Montpellier (Hérault); Kiel is on 256 m. (1,172 kc.).

J.H.S. (Soton): An amateur transmission, but cannot trace as you give no call sign.

K.A.T. (B'ham): PPT Lille, relaying the Lilliana. Dance Hall.

H.T. Haddock (Swansea): Kattowitz, talk in English; “Poland Past and Present,” by Prof. R. Dyboski.

BM/B3PW (Essex): You give no details other than frequency; impossible to trace.